1 certainly , many algorithms are built complex and efficient by combining many algorithms into one ( as one step may also be considered an algorithm , is n't it ?
1 but what i would like to ask - what are the algorithms considered to implement the biggest amount of advanced techniques in computational and/or natural sciences ?
0 is it just based on the length of code ?
1 is tere a way to solve a math problem with algorithms ?
1 could dna be an algorithm ?
0 are you just asking what was said ?
0 is there a badge for finishing this course ?
0 have you looked on your badges page to see if it is one of the available badges ?
0 well that depends : how good are you at maths ?
0 what programming language or how much of coding i need to know to start learning algorithms here ?
0 is there any advice on the sequence which i should focus on between the two disciplines ?
0 would it be more helpful to complete the computer programming courses through ka before stepping into the computer science courses ?
0 can i still do algorithms or i should i do programming first ?
0 how to download the video ?
0 any algorithms that relate to these ?
0 could you be more specific ?
0 is intro to js good enough to begin computer science ?
1 at 0:53 , how are algorithms used in rendering ?
0 how do you get a brain fitness test ?
0 how would i do this function ?
1 one question : how do i know if i 've inputted an incorrect algorithm ?
0 if so , what is it called ?
1 would rna or dna be considered an algorithm ?
0 should i learn computer science first before starting to study computer programming ?
0 did you mean to ask about a particular algorithm somewhere else in the video , or did you mean to post this on a different video ?
0 like , a certain level of math for instance ?
0 edit : so , replies please ?
1 what is the difference between the algorithm and procession in the computer ?
0 what would you like to know about about those ?
0 is this all what i need ?
1 are the steps in algorithm sequential along a vector , a scalar or both ?
0 is this the first class of computer science ?
1 will it be helpful by learning algorithm to change the way of thinking ?
0 how many gallons will be in each bottle ?
1 it was good to learn about the algorithms because is a process or set rules to be followed in calculations , it helps you a lot , how you prove is the algorithm is right or wrong ?
1 how many algorithms can you have ?
1 is an algorithm like a routine ?
1 is there a specific area of mathematics ( preferably on khan academy ) that i can go through to help me learn the proper math to fully understand how to reduce an algorithm down to asymptotic notation ?
0 what pre-requisites do we need for this course ?
0 i do n't understand what he means by the locks are a decoy ?
0 is n't that a weakness ?
1 chances of eve winning the game now are 1/5 to 1/7 instead of 1/52 right ?
1 i 'm extremely new to this , but if she had knowledge of the deck of cards beforehand , or it was a standard deck of cards , and he placed one card inside the box , would n't she be able to take note of which card was missing by accounting for the standard set of playing cards or the kinds of cards she had in the deck ?
1 are n't the cipher-text space and the message space identical ?
0 does this work by numbers and letters ?
1 even though the letters would be difficult to figure out , would the spaces between words help give the message away ?
0 ca n't you eliminate some of the possibilites from the message space , as the original message would probably be written in actual english words , in some logical order ?
1 what kind of pencil/writing instrument is being used on the papyrus at 3:17 ?
1 why do most of the letters in one of the ancient languages look like broken bones ?
0 why did n't they use something softer , like dirt ?
0 are you referring to english ?
0 how we can improve english speaking ?
1 at 3:30 why are some symbols black and other are red ?
1 who were the people who 's mouths and faces appeared ?
1 does the company just authenticate/ license whoever that pays ?
1 is norton a safe antivirus like macafee ?
1 why would someone intentually mess up their computer ?
0 2:38 and if so , why ?
1 is there any security risk if unlisted video is shared ?
1 what are exactly `` strong passwords '' ?
1 how an hackers take you to the wrong website ?
0 do you think it models what brit cruise did in the video well ?
1 what are the frequencies of english text exactly ?
1 i got another question : if i started making a web page in html , can i continue working on it in css ?
1 what is the difference between a server and a client ?
1 will we be able to make websites or only webpages ?
1 on khan academy we can program a javascript program , or a html webpage but how would you combine those with css to make an actual standalone web page ?
1 what 's the difference between a server and a client ?
1 how can i use javascript in html ?
1 how come making a website is so complicated ?
1 is it so the scientists who do know seem smarter than everyone else ?
0 now , what do i use it on ?
1 how is it that people are able to publish multiple website ?
1 i 'll clear it up just so it 's easier to answer : say you have a website named khanacademy.org , then you have a link that takes you to http : //khanacademy.org/computing , how is it that this is possible , and how does it work ?
1 do i have to buy some sort of program to make webpages ?
1 how do you make a website from scratch ?
1 what if i want to upload a photo of my won ?
0 why do n't you just come out and ask whatever it is you want to do instead of being all mysterious ?
1 how do the computers know what the commands like < h1 > < /h1 > mean ?
1 where can i do code on places other than khan academy ?
1 can i only make my webpages in only these languages or are there any other language also used in making websites ?
0 oh , maybe that is the exact program 's name ?
1 what does html stand for ?
1 here on khanacademy why dose php not work , is it blocked or is it just not supported ( and if it is supported how can i use it ) ?
1 are there other markup languages aside from html ?
1 how to make comments in html ?
1 do you have a video on how to make a website domain ?
1 if i were to complete all the css and html lessons on khan academy will i be able to meet the requirements for a job in that field ?
1 at 2:20 why are the devices called clients ?
0 w3 schools has a lot of advanced forms of java , sql , html , and more : https : //www.google.com/url ?
0 is that still considered the one billion websites since 99 % of the internet is actually in the deep web ?
0 can make big games without lagging to much ) ?
0 how come i did the project holiday card and other hour of code projects , but havent gotten the badges ?
1 is makeing a website complicated ?
0 are we supposed to tell you our favorite websites ?
0 what do you need help with ?
1 for what js stands for ?
1 difference between http and html ?
1 is copying the format of someone 's website to develop yours plagiarism ?
1 what client would best be recommended for khanacademy ?
1 is n't bad to make a website because people can find information about you ?
1 is there something on khan academy where you can use javascript , html and css all in one program ?
1 where can i learn who invented html or any other program ?
0 i 'm new to the world of programming please consult with me , where do i start to get better understanding in the world of programming , and which course do i take next ?
1 what the best language programing the currently ?
0 what does this video means ?
1 how do you load a site on the web ?
1 i found the basic substitution quite simple but what about pig pen cipher 's that contain code words that disrupt the order of letters in the grid ?
1 what if you had one word in a code ?
1 if you wanted to send a classified , very important battle plan to your general , would you want to take out a newspaper ad to do it or would you prefer to do it discreetly ?
0 how would that be deciphered ?
1 would it be possible to break the code ?
1 would n't eve intercept the shift before it got to bob ?
1 what would happen if you composed half the message in a different language ?
0 bob sent something to sally and sally opened it what would the letter z mean ?
0 but would n't it be better to isolate one word ?
1 did caesar use other ciphers ?
0 so he loved to crytography ?
1 i there any kind of frequency analysis software ?
1 but would testing out different shift numbers with some sort of program be more efficient ?
0 would n't there only be 26 different possible combinations ( give or take some depending on the language ) ?
0 i am not talking about spelling mistake but they change the entire word , how can i report this people at khan academy ?
0 i would personally say no , but why do n't you go through the course and find out for yourself ?
1 what are the names of other different types of databases ?
1 what are 2 uses for sql ?
1 also , why do n't scripts accept some words like `` int '' instead of `` integer '' which are accepted in sql language ?
0 or can i use python ?
1 where can you use the sql and databases ?
0 can someone an ka explain me why , although i already watched this video and don all the curse and proyects , still remains as incomplete ?
1 is it possible to learn , like , sql and html at the same time ?
0 how much time does it take to go through the entire 4 modules ?
0 what does it stand for ?
0 can you make anything else from the sql ?
0 do we get a free certificate after complete this hour of course ?
0 how do i assign multiple training videos to a `` class '' that i created ?
0 could you expand this from hour of code just like html/css ?
1 what does sql stand for ?
1 when something is being streamed , does that mean that not all the information is checked by tcp at one time but rather whenever the packets arrive ?
1 does n't streaming typically utilize udp , rather than tcp , since the connection does n't necessarily have to be constantly acknowledged ?
1 does twitter provide us with safety of our information not being sold ?
1 does khan academy provide us with privacy ?
1 where is the tcp located ?
1 does it really true that higher in speed cost more money ?
0 so there 's alot of traffic on my router from other people ?
0 the server resends the missing information but that gets messed up and the server thinks you want , say , 78 , 186 , and 224 ?
1 how does a router know which routers to send to next ?
1 can someone explain to me how internet providers work ?
1 why do we have to connect to the internet through them and their routers ?
1 so if someone gets into a server can they access every device that is connected to it ?
1 i do n't understand how the zeros and ones are stored side by side in order in a data transmission ?
0 at 3:16 , does this mean router in my home allows some random data on internet pass thought it for creating a reliable connection to others ?
0 do chickens have legs when it comes to the internet ?
1 is missing packets what makes a video buffer ?
0 anyone know the song at 0:00 ?
1 what happens if it loses all packet lose during transit and does n't know how to pick it back up ?
0 what is the name of that song in the begining ?
1 what exactly are those routers that manage the traffic and who keeps them ?
1 can a server send a website to the wrong computer ?
0 the thing is , with html , you can upload images which are in your server ?
1 at 5:01 ( ssl ) , does the website have to own any specific security features to ask for a ssl certificate ?
1 are these certificates constantly being updated to prevent backdoors ?
1 is it bad to always stay logged in on the internet ?
1 how much information does a single packet contain ?
1 can someone briefly describe the protocol used in p2p torrent systems ?
1 what is the difference between web browser and search engine ?
0 is there , and if so , what is it ?
1 when you visit an website multiple times or jump from page to page , how does the website know that 's it 's you again ?
0 what if you had probabilities of 0.41 , 0.31 , 0.17 , and 0.11 respectively for a , b , c , and d ?
0 is it two bits per symbol ?
1 it looks like the symbols are only as , bs , cs , and ds ... so two bits for each ( 00 , 01 , 11 , 10 ) ?
0 you 'd like to know how to perform binary arithmetic ?
1 at 1:25 , i noticed that in the code box the color was written like this : color : rgba ( 22 , 30 , 40 , 0.01 ) what does the a stand for ?
0 hey i know this is off topic , but what do you use to record ?
0 # haste { z-index } and another object with the same z-index is place on top of it ?
0 why i ca n't load the progress ?
1 also the difference of symbols is technically infinite , because you can just add more plucks ?
1 would n't it be hard to receive 1 000 000 different voltage levels ?
0 i do n't understand how this works.could you tell me how it works ?
1 is 3 the only number that works as a generator for 17 , or are there other numbers that would ?
1 1:40 so , better to not decrypt than to take thousands of years to do so ?
1 how do you go about reversing a one way function ?
0 could someone please simplify this video for me ?
1 what does `` mod '' mean ?
1 can someone explain why the distribution of 3^n mod p is flat if p is a prime number ?
1 why is 3 the ''generator '' ?
0 why does n't my video play ?
1 what is the difference between javascript and processingjs ?
1 does photoshop count as programming ?
0 is is this a good place to start ?
0 is this going to affect the number of steps , eventually leading to the fermat test being inefficient ?
0 what if you could find a way to test if it is a fool ?
0 why did he show the nintendo entertainment system ( nes ) at the beginning of this video ?
0 why dint they just make a morse code thingy for each letter ?
1 what is with the dolphin at 0:04 ?
1 what seperates the letters in a word on morse ?
1 what is the yellow , z- shaped symbol at 5:23 called ?
1 what is `` i '' when indicated in the equation ?
1 so , in order to have ( # bounces_b ) = 3 , we need ( # outcomes_b ) = 8. but it seems there are only two `` outcomes at that level : '' b and c. what am i missing ?
1 at 6:00 , does it not make sense to actually use ceil function in rhs of the definition of # questions ?
1 in the curve for entropy , it shows that , the entropy drops below 1 bit ( when p < 0.5 or p > 0.5 ) but how is that even possible practically ?
1 i understood nearly everything but the only thing i did n't get was that why # outcomes equals to 1/p ?
1 at 0:50 if you do the decrypt math , it seems any of the letters that are being modified by +13 are off by one , so they should be meet=frfe , at=nu , elephant=pqxcilsm , lake=ybvj am i missing something ?
0 is it possible to break such a short message using the method he has described ( tallying frequencies ) with such a small sample space ?
1 ok , so can calculate a poly alphabetic cipher by finding the frequency in intervals , but what if the shift word is as long as the message and does n't have repeating letters ?
0 how do you do it with the available data ?
1 are polyalphabetic ciphers the same as vigenere ciphers ?
1 so the fingerprints are meant to be the word patterns ?
1 have there been any codes that have n't been broken once ?
0 i am really confused by this , what does fingerprint mean ?
0 is this cryptically related to cryptography ?
0 is i m wrong or this video ?
1 hi i 'm new to this and i was wondering : how would a codebreaker like me be able to crack a 20 letter message that has a five letter shift word ?
0 cant she make all the numbers different ?
0 i ca n't unsderstand your question do you want to know how to figure out the lenght of the key ?
0 v=kbbn4a7vfms 3- scroll the pad https : //www.youtube.com/watch ?
1 so , for example , if you were starting the sentence with the word `` dog '' , using the `` snake '' codeword , would you subtract the position of the `` s '' from the `` d '' and use that letter ?
1 at 02:25 : why the longer the word used the stronger the ciper ?
0 can you explain it in detail with alphabets in the frequency distribution ?
1 how would you know that r , q , s , and j would turn out to be a shift of five if there is no repetition ?
0 can you please give me a message in this code and it 's answer ?
1 sorry if this has been asked before , but who is brit cruise ?
0 i 'm not really sure about something , is n't the value of 'n ' supposed to be fourteen instead of thirteen ?
1 could someone please explain again how you would break the code ?
0 it will be reasonable right ?
1 i really do not understand how eve breaks the encryption starting from 1:29. could someone please explain them in other words along with examples please ?
0 why is it named as polyalphabetic cipher ?
0 can someone explain the meaning of this sentence ?
0 will you simplify this vid so it will be easier for me to understand ?
1 if the tree is infinitely high , how can the leaves fall ?
0 is he saying `` lawn '' as the pronunciation of the natural logarithm ln function ?
1 at the beginning of the video , what is the spiral called ?
1 if a , b , x and y are integers greater than 1 such that a and b have no common factors except 1 and x^a = y^b , how can we show that x = n^b and y = n^a for some integer n ?
1 since the percent of primes gets smaller when the searh number gets bigger is the re a numder witch there is no prime after it ?
1 how do i show the theorem in prime numbers ?
0 is this the same system that is used in today 's data storage devices ?
1 has anyone found a way to correct multiple errors , like , by sending two lines of code ?
0 this seems really interesting but what grade do you learn this ?
1 how do let the other person know the code if someone is reading all the messages back and forth ?
0 also , did you know ?
0 do you know if brit cruise is related to actor tom cruise who stars in many big action movies ?
0 and do they do it without letting the people sending and receiving messages know about it ?
0 so alice send a readable message to bob , but if eve receive it , it wont be readable , or alice send a unreadable message to bob , and bob receive it unreadable , but they both know the meaning of the code , and eve dont ?
0 wait , so how would you comunicate before hand , to figure out what is the code to the lock ?
1 has anybody ever heard of the vigenere cipher ?
0 how can i save videos ?
1 so where has the missing pound gone ?
1 is the `` computing '' subject not available on xbox one ?
0 do you want an example ?
1 if a code was sent over the internet , could n't anybody just use a software to unscramble the code ?
1 is there any difference between a code and a cipher ?
0 what do n't you understand , and what 's the last thing you do understand if you 've been going through the videos in order ?
0 but im still confused how the message was sent ?
1 is a slang a form of cryptography ?
1 can you just tel me the recent research fields in cryptography ?
1 can you make your own cryptology code ?
0 hello , what should i do , start computer programming first or this course ?
0 what is the age group to learn it ?
1 are innate algorithms done subconsciously by the human brain less complex than ones that can be handled by a machine that operates solely on a basis of 0 's and 1 's ?
1 how do you measure efficiency ?
0 can what be told in different ways ?
0 so can anyone tell me the procedure how to join ?
0 what should i do first math or computer programming ?
0 then , can use less specific commands in your brain to make the same algorithm ?
1 so , why should i care about algorithms at all ?
0 so ... how exactly do i edit teh code ?
0 should i watch computer programming first or this ?
1 how is the message space the same size as the key space and the same space as the ciphertext space ?
0 could n't you also just throw the cards everywhere ?
1 would n't the encryption be stronger if the text was written without spaces and somehow randomize the amount of characters per line ?
0 are alice and bob spies ?
1 was brit writing in a real language when he was writing on the papyrus ?
1 is it even possible to communicate with the cup and wire looking thingy ?
1 how do japan people write there language ?
0 how much would it change english grammer ?
1 can you make paper with bamboo strips ?
1 how can we learn to be an ethical hacker ?
1 so then ... if you gave a monkey a typewriter than the monkey would eventually type out shakesphere 's plays ?
0 or will i have to start it all over again ?
0 or what would you suggest ?
0 should i take a different course like intro to js before i do this , or can i start with this now ?
1 what 's the difference between < p style= '' color : green '' > hello < /p > and < p > < color= '' green '' > hello < /color > < /p > ?
1 are all the computing systems connected ?
1 what do html and css stand for ?
0 at 1:03 how can make a website about yourself ?
1 this is a newb question , but before i dedicate a large amount of time to this , i was curious , is the html and css taught here somehow different from html5 and css3 , or are the terms being used interchangeably ?
0 i found this very helpful but how much does it cost ?
0 would middle school students be able to do this ?
0 at 1:50 what are the other two browser that they did n't mention ?
1 so , basically what program should i use for making a website like html , css , jp ?
0 how can i get my running toaster out of my bathtub without getting fried ?
1 is there a spell check on the website builder if so where is it ?
1 how can we run a html program in a browser ?
0 can you post your webpages on khan academy like programs ?
0 thats weird there was no sound ?
0 ii actually do n't even know what is code , i just came to know , that its a language for computers , but does n't have any clear idea about it ?
0 even though i made one with something else ?
0 can it be used on the pc too ?
1 could you explain min-max algorithm and how to implement in a tic-tac-toe game ?
0 how much programming experience do i need to understand the algorithms taught in this chapter ?
0 at 5:31 how do you know that is actually correct ?
1 dose algorithms mean following instructions like how to do something step-by-step .but written in programming language ?
0 are there any prerequisites for this course on algorithms ?
1 is there a way to solve a math problem with algorithms ?
0 will watching these videos help me in ap computer science ?
1 does anyone know how , at 0:45 , the video compression algorithms work ?
0 does it have a simple and practical application in investment management ?
0 what should i learn first , math , programming language or algorithm ?
0 what should i learn first ?
0 can i hav my opaline back ?
0 if no , why not ?
0 i have a good interest in computer and i want to do software engineering and thats y i first came here to learn and see that i can learn computer or not but seriously speaking my whole childhood i wasnt having computer and thats y i am not aware of computers like others so where should i start first ?
1 which sort of algorithm is used for computing signals to flight and railways ?
0 at 1:45 what game was that girl playing ?
0 why do we need a certain time to make these ?
0 does he mean they are there to distract him ?
0 would n't it be smarter to have a decoy ?
1 would that mean there is 1 chance in 26 to the power of 20 that a randomly chosen key would produce the original message ?
0 would n't that be true randomness ?
1 what is shannon 's paper called ?
0 furthermore , what would be the general prerequisites to studying something as advanced as cryptography ?
0 hoo is alice , and bob ?
1 if bob put a card in the box and locked it with a cipher , would eve know what card bob put in the box ?
0 why are all these videos kinda creepy ?
0 how did you find the info you needed brit ?
1 at 3:30 , it is said that the size of the message space = size of key space = size of cipher text space but if each page in message space can be combined with any of the keys present in the key space , the cipher text space would be a lot bigger , wo n't it ?
0 would n't she be able to increase her chances of guessing his card if she checked for every fingerprint on the card ?
1 do you think that over time this change in digital communication could leak into our everyday speech in the same way that phonetics did ?
1 mathematics can be used as a universal communication correct ?
0 would they need to be in acidic or alkali dirt to be able to grow , and will they require a lot of heat considering they are grown in egypt ?
0 - http : //www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-21427896 does that help ?
0 at 3:12 , with all the standing falcons on it ?
0 where can i find the whole greek alphabet ?
0 and did it take long to write liike that ?
0 how di it become so simple ?
0 what day was this created ?
1 why do language 's characters all have similar configurations ?
0 how did you guys know this ?
1 if you throw away a hacked computer would it affect you ?
1 is n't redirecting to a fake website a pharming scam and not phishing ?
1 how to avoid this viruses ?
1 just curious , but if you are on a website , and if it asks for your email and you give your email to the website , can hackers from that website really hack into your email or is it completely fine to give your email address ?
0 why do they want to bring websites crashing down ?
1 what happens if the server is overloaded with huge data ?
0 because in the other videos he talked about the 1700.and we 're is his partner right now ?
0 what 's the song played at the beginning ?
1 my second set of questions ( see part 1 below ) : part 2 - questions about 3-gram algorithm and transitioning from one cup to another first , is the 3rd word in a 3-gram algorithm dependent on the 1st word or a combination of the 1st and 2nd word ?
1 how do these markov chains relate to moore and mealy machines ?
1 why are the different sources of electronics called clients instead of something else ?
0 is it to late to learn at age 60 ?
0 if so , what are those differences ?
1 how would you get text at the center of the page ?
1 could a person actually create a webpage from a mobile device such as a cell phone when a lot only have mobile versions ?
0 would be a correct way of putting it ?
0 so its usage is like this ( i use my somewhat famous program the epic gem tornado that i 'm sure that @ dalendrion will recognize : < script src = `` https : //www.khanacademy.org/computer-programming/epic-gem-tornado/4752249160204288/embed.js ?
1 why ca n't we use sound for javascript and html / css ?
0 then , should i buy the program in each of their website ?
1 sir how i can upload our web page ?
0 that 's probably a lot to learn but what languages do you suggest and if they are n't provided by khan academy where should i go to learn them ?
1 how do you create a server when creating a webpage not on khan ?
1 maybe in this specific case , v₀ and h are equal to 0 ?
1 is javasctipt required for web interaction ?
0 how can i improve myself with khan academy ?
0 in this framework can we use sass ?
1 who is the creator of web ?
1 how do u hack the hacker 's hack ?
1 can we use other programing language to do a web site ?
1 where can we actually make a website ?
1 which programming language does khanacademy use ?
0 how much overlap is there with html ?
0 how do i make accents and emojies in a computer or laptop , and also , how do i adjust the screen brightness in a computer ?
1 in the programming html , what does `` meta-charset = `` utf-8 '' '' mean ?
1 how do you think we got the browsers that we use today ?
0 1:36 in the video she said html is used for `` marking up '' a website , what does this mean ?
0 any pointers i could use for starting out ?
0 sir this video no open ?
0 have a lot of people had this problem ?
1 how long does it take to program a website ?
1 so normally when you make a code and say to your sender in a meeting the shift amount before you actually start sending the messages , what if the intercepter somehow was able to intercept that ?
1 so , if we were to try to break these frequencies , by spelling with a bunch of uncommon letters , and reducing the common letters , would it be easier to crack ?
1 is n't a caesar cipher incredibly easy to brute force ?
1 is there a place in the internet where one could find fingerprints of other languages ?
1 why bother with frequency analysis ?
1 because in the video it says that in 800 years , al-kindi made caesar cipher method weaker by creating a frequency code ... but how long did they use the frequency code ?
0 well , if you hide your fingerprint by making the words normally hide it like maybe no e and as or something like that ?
1 but how the frequency are taken by the hacker they can directly hack by the the some books or take training to do so ?
1 can you give exact meaning of cryptography ?
1 do we still use codes in real life , such as war ?
1 if you used numbers to represent the letters , and used the caesar cipher , how would you crack the code ?
1 is it possible to use the caesar cipher if one wants to communicate numbers ?
1 what % of the us population can figure out the alphabet invented by caesar cipher used to send secret messages ?
0 is there any way to undo my progress in sql basics ?
0 which application or program do i download so that i can do this ?
1 can you put sql in web pages ?
0 is it a good idea to start with sql considering i 'm a beginner when it comes to programming ?
0 were there any parts you found confusing ?
1 say if i had an .csv or .xlsl that i want to use in an app , can sql use these type of files ?
1 can java be used to fetch data from relational database ?
1 so every app uses a database ?
0 so is mayli from philippines or indonesia ?
0 how is it related to the other languages ?
1 is sql anything related to html or css ?
0 does this queries work on sql server ?
1 how is hardware involved in storing data ?
1 how can i embed sql data on a html/css site animated with javascript ?
1 can we use sql and js in the same page ?
0 does anybody think this is awesome ?
0 i am confuse about aliases ... is there any video about aliases ?
1 is there any relationship to the logic and language of sql and the language used to create macros in microsoft applications ?
1 what are the types of database ?
0 is there any way to stop that from happening ?
1 does tcp/ip protocol exist in my browser or in my computer ?
1 at max , how many bits can fit in a package ?
1 how does tcp know whether the file was lost or it simply has n't arrived yet ?
0 what are the routes they are going through ?
1 can the data get into accidents or something like that ?
1 so is the border gateway protocol is what dictates which route for packets to move to its destination , based on the `` cheapest '' way ?
0 like sometimes i clear cookies on my browser , does that mean all customized information is lost ?
0 , but what about css3 and javascript ?
0 2nd = study the game mechanics aka spells 3rd =communicate with team and disregard the trolls 4th =profit from a reward coming out of a virtual place ?
0 so if i can login to my gf 's fb account by coping the cockies of her laptop to my computer ?
1 how can hackers trick you into going on the wrong web ?
1 why is it called wifi ?
1 what is the danger if a untrusted website started a secure connection with the web browser ?
0 so , like ... ... i can lick my computer screen and it would taste like chocolate chips ?
1 at 0:15 it says that alice and bob would get more profit by compressing their code , but sending less bits means getting less pennies right ?
0 at 1:54 , i saw , cursor : pointer ; is that something we can use here on khan ?
0 the css box model.beauty is n't it ?
1 what is decision tree of possibility ?
1 how did edison 's system with more difference increase the speed ?
1 is there any way the concept of a primitive root could be explained in much simpler terms ?
1 for example , if the question were to be 46 mod 13 ( just changing an example from a previous video ) would the clock have to have 13 spots instead of the normal 12 ?
1 if there is a pattern of primes , would n't there also be a pattern of composite numbers ?
0 how can i further study to get this because i do n't ?
1 let me get this straight , at 0:35 , they said that 46 mod 12 = 10 and they figured that out by wrapping a rope of 46 units around a clock and the rope ended at 10 ?
1 how can you break a code with a super long number if the exponent is , say , 4 ?
0 how many presents of each type did she buy ?
0 so what are you waiting for ?
0 how do you rotate a shape it without moving the actual shape anywhere else ?
0 is it a mix or only one language ?
0 also when would you use other programming languages ?
0 who really likes to code ?
1 is the arduino software similar to js ?
1 really think about it : what 's the problem in a primality test that runs a set number of tests and then deems a number prime if no tests deemed the number composite ?
0 why did brit at around 0:25 showed a nintendo entertaining system ( nes ) ?
0 is their an easier way to learn morse code ?
1 when brit says # bounces = log ( 2 ) ( # outcomes ) , what exactly does that mean ?
1 according to the rules of logarithms : sum ( i=1 , n ) p_i * -1 log2 ( p ) , which means entropy is negative ( for n odd ) ?
0 @ 5:30 why log_2 of the number of outcomes ?
1 that means , is not that you are expected to every time have to ask 1.75 questions , but instead : - 1/2 of the time ask 1 question - 1/4 of the time ask 2 question - 1/4 of the time ask 3 questions when you multiply the probabilities with the amount of questions , you get 1.75. why use a single number instead of this whole system ?
0 why do we call it entropy ?
0 is there a way to decrypt that ?
0 for example , can you use a whole sentence like `` snakes can be dangerous '' instead of `` snakes '' as the repeated word ?
0 i didnt exactly understand the numbers and the word snake was for can someone please explain ?
1 please someone tell me how to break the poly alphabetic cipher text ?
1 how are the differences between the poylalphabetic cipher and the ceaser cipher ?
1 does the strength of the polyalphabetic cipher not only depend on the length of the shift word but what exact shift word was used and does it increase exponentially as the letters increase by +1 ?
1 why should the frequency distribution should be checked in intervals ?
0 were those just complicated because the ciphers were really long ?
0 can i have some help understanding this ?
0 why is it taken as 13 in the video ?
0 * '' * emphasis added by me can someone explain these things by , say , decrypting the message seen in the video step-by-step ?
1 can somebody please tell me about the finger frequency ?
1 how does finger frequency work ?
0 `` then each letter in the message is encrypted by shifting according to the number below it '' ?
0 what if someone uses a shift paragraph instead of a shift word ?
0 please clarify what do you want which t exactly you are asking about ?
0 they are good at explaining , but how can they read my finger print ?
1 at 6:40 why is it π ( x ) / ( x/ln ( x ) ) ?
0 brit , what if the we do n't plot the prime numbers 2-dimensionally is n't this just for human imagination ?
0 i crave more videos on number theory , is this the only one yet ?
0 could n't this be used to double-check if you have found all the primes up to a certain point ?
1 why would you cut any branch leading to tails at 1:11 ?
1 what 's the reason for sequence of information and parity bits at 3:38 ?
0 @ brit : i know you 've a lot planned , and that you 've a lot to do , but i was wondering : is the course you 're developing predicted to talk about the halting problem , or solving np-complete problems in polynomial time , or anything like that ?
0 before there was such a thing called `` texting '' and `` calling some one '' how did we communicate with each other ?
1 i mean why are the parity bits on the 1st , 2nd , and 4th place ?
1 how do you identify real information from parity bits ?
0 what wars might these be ?
0 technically it is different from encrypting ?
0 what would have it taken for eve to descript the code ?
1 how exactly can eve , per say , intercept alice 's and bob 's messages without alice and bob knowing or receiving a warning about it ?
0 does this apply to the nsa ?
0 what if there was no encryption ?
0 what does this have to do with math ?
0 why there is a car in the beginning ?
0 can someone plz explain this to me more ?
0 why is this called ancient cryptology ?
0 are there other forms of encryptions other than this ?
0 can you be more specific about what you would like help with ?
1 so what exactly is cryptography ?
0 do n't they use this for the military 's intelligence ?
1 how far back does the number theory extend ?
0 has anyone ever used binary for cryptography as communications between themselves and other people ?
0 are alice and bob real people i want to know ?
1 what is a `` caesar cipher '' ?
0 this video did not explain the strategy to figure cryptography out , does anyone know the video that will ?
1 so there are many types of cryptography , right ?
1 it is said around 1:10 that cryptography ( or at least the concept of encryption/decryption ) has been around for thousands of years -- what is some of the earliest known examples of this ?
1 when people decide to make up their own language and/or writing is that cryptography ?
0 is ip address for various devices or for websites only or for different different for both ?
1 why ca n't i type in an ip address and go to the site that i want ?
1 is it possible ipv6 to become not enough like ipv4 ?
0 how can i then protect it from tracking in my wifi environment ?
1 i do n't understand if ip adress are for internet or for devices , for example , do my computer have a ip or my internet have a ip ?
1 is there any differences between the .net .org or .com ?
1 what will happen when ipv6 take effect ?
1 how is the internet linked to you broadband , are they moderators ?
0 what can i do to make my internet better becasue jordan freemans internet is way nore better that mine also codys internet works so do i have to kill them to get their internet ?
1 how is the the internet created ?
1 what happens when you have a hacker hacking in to your system ?
1 at 1:30 , do prime numbers in a ulam spiral have a specific structure shape ?
0 what 's the title of the song playing in the beginning of the video ?
1 do negative numbers have prime factorizations ?
1 is there a way to make the space between numbers shrink as the numbers get larger ?
1 at 2:54 it states that 2 , 3 , 5 are the only prime numbers of 30 , but 10 and 15 can also divide into 30 evenly ?
1 if w=x+y+z , what is the arithmetic mean of w , x , y , and z in terms of w ?
1 how far does the pattern of `` pairs '' of primes go ?
1 would n't the amount of storage actually be less than 14.7 megabytes , because the smaller primes do n't take up nearly as much space ?
1 would it mess up the encrypted message itself ?
1 how to exploit this leak ?
1 if you picked a random number 0 through infinity would it be just infinity or some big number ?
1 at 5:58 , sal said : `` all primes and no composites , or all composites and no primes ... '' does n't those mean the same thing ?
1 oh yeah , can negative numbers be prime ?
1 would dna be considered an algorithm ?
0 what was that on 2:44 ?
0 - is this the best possible algorithm ?
0 can you explain it more perfectly ?
1 what happens if that checkers program plays against itself ?
0 is it easier one way or another ?
1 how can we find the average of three numbers ?
1 in physics , algorithms simulate climate what does this mean ?
0 how do you do this stuff ?
0 is it similar to algorithms in any aspects ?
1 can an algorithm be termed incorrect ?
0 what would be a possible option for the actual algorithm ?
1 if you 're just playing a game though ... besides , how is alice going to know what card bob picked ?
1 to have perfect secrecy , would it also be necessary to have no way of confirming your guess ?
0 is he just swinging a couple of headlamps ?
1 can someone give me more information on cuneiform ?
1 then how does sound play a role ?
1 does anyone think it would be possible if one day all humans could speak one language ?
1 also , what types of conditions are needed for such plants to grow ?
0 also , are more people who write right-to-left left handed ?
1 why were there hundreds of sound symbols ?
0 did the common people know how to write ?
1 at 5:23 you said bread and beer did they really make beer in 3000 bc ?
1 question : why is chinese not transitioning from word signs to sound signs ?
0 so what they exactly do if they put the ip address of their own server in domain name to be redirected or if they changes content stored on hosting computer ?
0 wo n't that be total war ?
1 where each bin is assigned two indices ?
0 where do we know this ?
0 where can i find lectures for c++ programming ?
0 where do you start to program a website from scratch ?
0 do we use the same coding i have been learning in the khan academy intro to js : drawing & animating ?
1 in creating own website are the 3 languages ( html/css/java ) written together or are they written on separately ?
0 if you do inspect element on it does that mean you are coding a webpage ?
1 does hopper have anything to do with grace hopper ?
1 how can i create a personal website ?
0 can i make a web page on khan ?
1 how do you create a website ?
0 how do i get to the next section ?
0 is there anything about php on khan academy ?
1 is your computer connected to the internet ?
0 why does the train look like that ?
1 finally , once you 've made a website or game how does someone go about putting it on the internet for my friends or other people to see ?
0 is there a reason we call them clients or did someone just come up with word shmoop ?
0 how much deditated java does it take to server ?
1 is there any places where i can create my own website for free ?
0 awesome video how to use it ?
1 how many programming languages are there ?
0 what 's the use of learning this ?
1 what kind of browser do you use ?
0 what is the name for the browser with a o for a logo at 1:50 ?
1 can you browse user 's webpages anywhere ?
0 i 10 , and learning to program , am i too young to learn this ?
0 thank you all for interesting education web ... ..i got challenges , where to practice my lessons ?
1 say i 've made a really awesome website on khan academy , how do i upload it on to the web so that if someone types in the name of my website on google it should come up ?
1 do you have to talk to the company that made the browser to make a website ?
1 at 2:18 , what if one uses a 'random ' shift like a is d , d is k ... ..rather using shift 3 or 4 or anything ?
0 sorry about answering my own question wrong ... but is a lock a cipher ?
1 how do the allies know the pattern of the caesar cipher , how would caesar deliver the message of what the pattern is ?
1 if i right : a shifted to d , b shifted to e .. so the fingerprint is `` 3 '' ?
1 can you use different shift for each letter of the word so to make it impossible to break ?
0 how does it work for numbers ?
0 what do n't you understand ?
0 do you understand the most advanced technology of today ?
0 what if you use a variable shift ?
0 since eve does n't have an advanced calculator , will it be okay to send the key openly ?
1 is there any difference between cesarean cipher and caesar cipher ?
0 are the friends alice and bob related ?
1 could n't u just add a whole bunch of meaningless letters at the end of the message like this `` meet me at elephant lake hfkj dhfi jdhgie hsk `` to balance the letter frequencies out ?
0 do i win a prize for nitpicking ?
1 is there a way to link a javascript program to an sql script ?
0 i know it works if it 's not capitalized , is it a highly recommended convention ?
0 am i too beginner for this course ?
0 if so , what languages can you use it with ?
1 can sql be used for another activities , besides recording data and other stuff in your life ?
1 what is the difference between sql and htsql , linq , xquery ?
1 can you put sql in html ?
0 but should n't they improve existing sql instead of bringing new technology ( non-sql ) ?
1 how good of a language is sql for creating databases ?
0 also is it like python and java , in not , how is it different ?
0 at 0:55 , do other websites use similar methods ?
0 how can we use scratchpad and make a video ?
0 either way we also want to set up a website so i assume it will be helpful to know this , right ?
0 is this a talk through for computer programming ?
1 what if i wanted to code something like siri what kind of data would that use ?
1 is sql like the storage function in javascript ?
0 why not try searching for that or got to the computer programming section ?
0 are they going to do anything with programming language ?
1 if some data is lost during transmission , where will it go ?
1 so does it mean billions of other people are using my router ?
1 is it possible for a packet to hold data for more than one computer ( like fedex delivers for tons of different people ) ?
1 is tcp means wired and udp means wireless connections ?
1 if the information in the network arrive at different times or out of order , then it could be why a webpage takes longer to load and looks incomplete ?
1 so where are these routers that are passing along everyone 's information ?
0 does it wait for a certain amount of time ?
0 are there more technical videos for those seeking deeper understanding ?
1 good morning , i think it was mentioned that routers only manage about eight machines/systems at a time , is there some other device that manages more than this ?
0 are they owned by the internet provider or someone else ?
0 whats the name of that song ?
1 the browser can ask the web server , `` has this css file changed since last thursday ?
1 do we always get assigned to the same cookie by a specific website like tumblr ?
1 what safeguards are in place so that someone ca n't just take an existing certificate and say it 's their own ?
1 or it 's all about the server to guarantee that the website 's ip address is the right one ?
0 is this how 'facebook-hacks ' occur , at least part of the time ?
0 is this right or does the site need to have a lock in the url bar for it tic be secure ?
1 does the cookie for particular website gets deleted if the user logs out of the account ?
1 i wonder how hackers hack even secured protocols ?
1 at 3:23 , what does it mean by the statement that limit of compression will always be the entropy of the message source ?
0 so when they use this huffman coding strategy , how do they make more money than 2000 pennies ?
0 will khan acadamy show us how to mix javascript and html ?
1 at the minute 1:40 you say that the hovercard has an index of 4 , but did n't you meant an index of 10 ?
0 what about those yellow boxes that show up at 1:00 , for instance ?
0 how can i fix this ?
0 what about the message ( s ) ?
1 ie what should the graph look like for higher voltages ?
0 if yes , will there be their videos here ?
1 if two gases hydrogen ( h2 ) and oxygen ( o2 ) are kept in two different containers with equal temperature , volume and no of molecules will the pressure be same ?
1 could n't the mystery substance be one atom of fluorine ?
0 are they american/european differences , and reflect as such ?
0 could someone help me with this question ?
1 at 1:16 , for every ideal gas problem would you always substitute pressure as 1 atm and temperature as 273k because of the stp ?
1 at 2:45 how is water a gas ?
0 why is it not same answer in two solutions ?
1 but how do you convert celsius to calvin ?
1 hi sal , i tried to use the standard equation like you suggested to see if i could derive 22.4 l on my own , but got a strange answer , 9,68 x 10 to the -6. i used r as .082 and converted 98 ml to .098 l. why could n't i get 22.4 l on my own ?
1 , one mole of cl2 gas will have more molar mass than one mole of h2 gas , but if both are at stp they both occupy 22.4 l volume ?
0 could it not be fluorine ?
0 for the same volume , then , would n't it have to have greater pressure or temperature ?
1 is the molar mass the same thing as the gfm ?
1 what is the difference between molar mass and gram atomic mass ?
1 `` carcinoma in situ '' means the boundary has n't been crossed ?
0 does it represent phase difference between resistance and reactance ?
1 so i know how to tell if someone is having a stroke , but is there a more obvious thing that might make me suspect that they are having a stroke ?
0 i mean will they act completely strange and i will understand that something has happened , or do i just constantly check with every person i know to make sure they are not having a stroke ?
1 well , if vibration i-e. back and forth movement is the cause for the production of sound , then back and forth movement of a pencil should also produce sound but we do n't hear any ?
1 then how does holes constitute hole current ?
0 would n't the size or particles matter ?
1 how can we show that 1 mole at stp = 22.4 l ?
0 so , maybe i am looking to deeply into it ?
0 i memorized that you can use .082 for r , so can i do : number of moles = .098/ ( 273*.082 ) ?
1 when calculating the molecular mass would you be able to use the formula : m=mrt/pv using big m ( molar mass ) and little m ( mass in grams ) ?
0 so does this mean water can be a gas at stp ?
1 i 'm confused because 0 degrees celsius is water 's freezing point and does n't that show that it 's solid ?
0 according to iupac and why it 's 18.5 and not 18 if it is water ?
0 ok that you might have atmospheric pressure if you 're not in a closed container but wo n't 99 % of the applications of this formula deal with completely different parameters ?
0 instead of h2o , can it be fluorine ?
0 how would the colon get this [ ewwwwwwww ] ?
1 what are foods to avoid to help avoid this dysplasia ?
0 if so , could it rid you of the cancer ?
1 would n't the damage then be irreversible and therefore lead to symptoms being unresolved ?
0 if so , why does sound differ in creatures ?
0 are you talking about the frequency ?
0 would it go farther than one going 5km/sec ?
1 my question is that when wind whooshes past my face where is the sound i am hearing coming from ?
1 what force is accelerating the air back and preventing it from continuing outwards ?
0 i mean , na are added crazily and k are getting out , so over time should n't there be an `` overdose '' of na in the cell and close to none k ?
1 is myelin sheath same as schwann cells ?
0 is it a one way street ?
0 can any positive ion go in ?
1 how long does it take for the signal to get from the soma to the terminal ?
1 do nodes of ranvier appear only in the pns , cns or both ?
1 at the node of ranvier , there are gated channels to boost the signals transmitted through axons , are those gated channels are always in pair ( 1 na + 1 k gated channels ) ?
1 for clarification , do stimuli cause the sodium to pass over the membrane for the first burst of energy ?
0 why ca n't it be made by both sigma bonds or pi bonds ?
1 at 7:20 , is there only one pi bond , or would that be showing two pi bonds ( one for each overlap ) ?
1 what is an electron density ?
1 at 7:07 , why does n't one of the two carbons in the ethylene compound spin around so that the two electrons in the unhybridized orbitals are farther from each other ?
1 why does only the central atom geta hybridized ?
1 how do scientists predict the 3d configuration of the entire molecule ?
0 i ask because in the last example , bf3 , if you find the steric number of one fluoride , sn = 1 ( sigma bond ) + 3 ( 3 lone e- pairs ) , sn = 4 and fluoride is not sp3 hybridized ?
1 are there 0 lone pairs referring to the 0 lone pairs surrounding the boron atom specifically ?
1 like it said at 11:40 , in overall , is it you always fill valence electrons into sp2 orbitals first then free p orbital right ?
1 here we discuss the hybridization of central atoms , are the more-exterior atoms ( i 'm considering the fluorine atoms in bf3 ) similarly hybridized ?
1 does hybridization actually take place or it 's just a hypothetical concept to explain extra valencies and the like ?
1 are all sp2 atoms from group 3 on the periodic table capable of accepting an electron pair as mentioned at 11:50 ?
1 didnt boron have 2s2 and 2p1 ?
0 why did he fill the 2p orbital in carbon , before completing the 2s orbital with 2 electrons ?
0 should n't there be 2 and 2 respectively ?
1 with the bf3 why is the electrons around the f not counted as single electron pairs ?
1 are there any type of bond other than sigma and pi bond ?
0 is it located in the back of the book or is there some special calculations ?
1 why does bf3 have an empty p orbital or even have it at all ?
1 how does the atp molecule work in the active site ?
1 what happens if enzymes were allowed to operate at a maximum rate at all times ?
1 at 8 ; 10 , i ca n't understand how high pco2 & low po2 cause the same thing ?
0 i 'm confused , if this is an average , why 12.01 was not divided by 2 ?
0 so , are we radioactive ?
1 as the amu of carbon-13 is 13.0034 , will the amu of carbon-14 increase +1.0034 and be 14.0068 ?
1 is carbon-12 called carbon-12 because it has an atomic weight of twelve atomic mass units , or because the number of protons and neutrons added together is twelve ?
1 can an atom get infinite neutrons ?
0 why to multiply percentage composition and atomic mass ?
1 when you work out the atomic mass , is n't there more carbon isotopes than just carbon 12 and carbon 13. so wo n't you have to add them to the equation to get the correct atomic mass ?
0 at 1:57 , why is the information of carbon-13 being added to carbon-12 's information ?
0 do they have different characteristics , or are they basically the same besides the number of neutrons ?
1 at 7:00 wouldnt the ice break the dam anyway so it looked to me either way the fish would die ?
0 or was their main concern the sediment ?
1 does inflamation of the blood vessels also include atherosclerosis ?
1 where does all of the heat energy go ?
1 where does all of the heat go ?
1 if energy can not be created or destroyed , are you saying that there was potential energy for an infinite amount of years before the big bang theory ?
1 can we store sound energy ?
0 sir , how we can differentiate if work is done or done by the system ?
0 what potential energy are you talking about ?
1 what is `` matter '' in thermodynamics anyway ?
0 do first law states anything about this ?
1 so , why ca n't we say that we have created energy and defy the first law of thermodynamics ?
1 energy can not be created or destroyed ' then where did all the initial energy in the big bang come from ?
0 why cant light just be known as both ?
1 what is the relativistic mass of a photon ?
0 also , graininess at 5:08 ?
0 we may also write this equation as e = ( hc ) /lambda , correct ?
1 can we use light as energy because of photons in places like power plants and to operate electric things ?
0 would we say that microwaves and radiowaves for example `` are also photons '' ( i am not exactly happy with this formulation ) ?
1 how does the molecule go from sticking out of the page to going into the page , while the others just move from the plane of the page to sticking out ?
1 what 's the actual difference between chiral molecules or chirality and enantiomers ?
0 is the lowest priority substituent away from you ?
1 what is a steriogenic centre ?
0 what if the # 1 group is initially the one facing away ( in the dashed line ) ?
0 c-c triple bond or tert butyl ?
1 why is the turn going counter clockwise ( s ) if the groups should go in the direction of the 1st ( or most ) priority to the fourth-priority ?
1 so when dealing with the groups of hydrogen ( # 4 ) , of c-f ( # 2 ) and the methyl ( # 3 ) , should n't the arrow start at # 2 to # 3 to # 4 ?
1 how would the molecule shown at 0:54 be depicted ?
1 i had a doubt.. what if double bonds were present in the compound ... how do we name them using r or s nomenclature ?
1 at 6.13 , does 'highest to highest ' mean that it does n't matter if there is 10 flourines ?
1 can we have enantiomer of a molecule that has no chiral center ?
0 of is the number irrelevant since there is only one chiral center ?
1 i was just wondering , why the carbon on the left , connected to the f and two ch3 groups was not chosen as the chiral center , both carbons seem to be connected to four groups ?
1 is this a multi-chiral center molecule ?
1 well , as far as i know , atoms can not be rotated around double bonds .so if i 'm trying to use the cahn ingold prelog system , rotating the molecule such that the lowest ranked atom be into the page would n't be possible .how can i proceed in such a case ?
1 at 2:57 when naming the molecule , why is the bottom methyl group chosen instead of the leftmost methyl group ?
0 why would n't you rotate around the # 2 group instead of the # 1 group ?
0 what would happen to the photoelectron in this case ?
1 if you knock out an electron from a piece of caesium with a velocity of 2.8 * 10⁵ m/s , would n't the piece of caesium exert a net attractive force on the electron ( because of it ' s net positive charge ) and would n't then the photoelectron again become a part of this lump of caesium ?
0 what do you mean by knock the electron loose ?
1 but if you were to take a ridged piece of metal , broken up and busted , yet still shiny enough to bounce off light , would it make the light ridged physically ?
1 what exactly is the intensity of light ?
1 energy of a photon is e=hf not hv right ?
0 is multiplying the wavelength by 10^-9 a set rule ?
1 what is this frequency of the light called ?
0 is it constant for all atoms or did he derive it in a special way ?
1 why ca n't wave nature of light explain photoelectric effect ?
0 what if it really does have mass , but it 's just really small ?
1 can a metal be depleted of electrons by shining light on it ?
0 then how could a quanta can be divided ?
0 where does the 10^-9 come from ?
0 at 00:29 why need of right kind of frequency ?
1 how are photons related to the structure of an atom ?
1 ls it not possible to increase the amplitude of lower frequency light so it 's energy is equal to that of higher frequency light ?
1 in the photoelectric effect , why does current not change with frequency ?
0 if i am trying to refresh my chemistry , should i start this lesson on the photoelectric effect and electronic structure of atoms after i 've finished stoichiometry or should i start the lessons on the periodic table before electron structure or even skip the photoelectric effect and move on to the bohr model ?
0 where can i teach myself all of this new material that feels like is being thrown at me without any explanation ?
0 i thought the base was neutralizing the acid and even though all the acid has been neutralized , why would you subtract the moles of h3o+ from the moles of oh- to get 0.0001 moles ?
1 if a genetic shift is responsible for pandemics , then why was the swine flu ( h1n1 ) in 2009 a pandemic ?
1 how many free surfaces are there when a needle floats on liquid at rest ?
0 so , does this also mean that if i were to add soap to the container with the needle , it would fall down since the surface tension has been lowered ?
1 why makes a concave or convex shape in capillary ?
0 sal can solve these q 's from iit jee 1. a liquid drop of diameter 20mm is split into 1000 small identical droplets.if the surface tension of the liquid is 40 dyne/cm , the amount of work done is ?
1 they how could this `` surface tension '' be parallel to the surface when its origin is due to downward forces ?
1 for the alkyl halide example ( starting at 8:17 ) , why would n't that undergo an sn1 reaction ?
1 where did the h+ come from at 12:30 ?
1 is a mathematical formula necessary in the scientific method ?
0 would n't it get contaminated making it not fresh ?
1 does the ocean conveyor belt affect the temperature of the salt water that then has an impact on freezing the water to make ice ?
0 so , say you find that the movement of water also affects it 's freezing point , would that just add on to the explanation ?
1 does n't the freezing of pond depends on the area ?
0 are there certain steps to the scientific method , like pemdas is in math ?
1 how dose the salt in the ocean lower the freezing point ?
1 but why does the salt lower the freezing point ?
0 ie ... is there a corrolation with the protestant reformation and searching faith and other things from an individual perspective rather then following the traditions of others , and considering those explainations inflallible ?
1 how long does it take for the whole pond to freeze and for how long will it stay frozen ?
1 why does the salt keep the water from freezing ?
1 would n't hypertonic fluids have this advantage of pulling those fluids from extracellular space to vascular bed , thus improving oxygenation , apart from just hypovolemia treatment ?
1 if the salicylic acid was treated with h2so4 but no methanol would the formation of a ring ( similar to the lactone reaction ) be possible ?
0 what happens with a tertiary alcohol ?
0 at the outset of the video , where did the extra h on the r'-oh come from ?
0 why were they also know as crookes tubes ?
0 can you make this do-able for a high school physics class both in cost and simple instructions ?
1 hi , how would you view the pictures you take with the camera mounted to bit-zee ?
1 what are key parts to the robot ?
1 what are the principles of spider robot science kit ?
1 @ 1:09 , what is the spelling of that item ?
1 i mean in the end of the theory sal tells us there is a free proton left and this will bind to the oh- anyway , right ?
1 why does the name of the 1st molecule have 2 before the ene ?
1 what 's the name of the final product of the addition ?
1 would the rate determining step of this reaction be the first step of pi bond attacking hydronium ?
1 also , if a molecule has more hydrogens , it is more stable than those with less right ?
1 at 8:31 , shouldn '' t sal have put a positive charge on the oxygen atom ?
0 if you are using the middle wire , what is an example of a circuit literally requiring that complexity ?
1 how does htn cause a headache ?
1 what does hypertension do to the blood vassals and the body ?
1 i thought arteriosclerosis was the buildup of plaque in the arteries..does the term include both plaque buildup and he hardening/stiffening of arteries ?
1 does arteriosclerosis happens in small vessels first or in the bigger vessels first ?
0 why are there two hydrogen atoms , but only one oxygen atom ?
1 but if you search it up at science websites , and many other places such as google and bing , they say there is a 4th state of matter ( plasma ) .so is plasma really a state of matter ?
0 what exactly does that mean ?
1 question : during say the transition from ice to water , does the ice become `` soft '' or `` pliable '' for that short period after the polar bonds are `` technically broken '' and broken enough to make liquid ?
1 can water become a plasma ?
1 2 ] why the same element carbon is '' transparent in color in diamond , '' and ''black in color in graphite '' ?
1 so can we say that , in changing between a liquid and gas , that the water molecules have enough energy to overcome the force of gravity ?
1 what kind of state is fire ?
1 what is a bose-einstein condensate ?
1 what is polar and non-polar molecules ?
1 how can oh can be ions when oxygen can form covalent compound between two hydrogen atoms ?
1 how would the molecules attract each other ?
1 what about dry ice does that change the temperture too ?
0 watch nobel physicist richard feynman explain them : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ?
1 when the water frozes , what actually takes the energy of the water molecules ?
1 does during change of states electrons get excited too ?
1 if technically possible , what would a 0 k `` solid '' /be condensate be called ?
0 hi , may i ask which video will get me to understand more about macroscopic properties of matter ?
1 what state of matter is toothpaste in ?
1 is cream is an one of the state of matter ?
1 how many states of matter are there ?
1 what 's the fourth state of matter and how high does the temperature have to be to reach it ?
1 you say the ice melts in that period , so why dosent the bar go up very slightly ?
1 what 's the difference between enthalpy , heat and temperature ?
1 are there only three states of matter ?
0 in other words , why does heat convert into pe , when with enough ke , the phase will change anyway ?
1 how can you add heath without raising tempeture ?
1 because the heat in the vacuum is very high heat so ice particles ( due to the high heat ) moves faster as the particles movement in gas , after that it changes directly to gas again due to the high heat : ) does that make sense ?
1 what happens when the steam gets hotter and hotter ?
0 how do they same kinetic energy though they the water is vibrating so much while the iron molecules are not moving at same same , when we observe this process ?
1 would atm be equivalent to heat ?
0 are there any exceptions to this ?
1 in a compound like water will the oxygen always have a partial negative ?
1 do hydrogen bonding and dipole forces play role in the anomalous behavior of water ?
1 why does liquid change to steam ?
0 what is the fourth state of matter that he mentioned at 0:08 ?
1 does anyone know what the process is called when bec changes to solid , and when solid changes into bec ?
1 if solids are supposed to be denser than the liquids of the same substance , how come ice floats on water ?
0 if not - where does it go ?
1 what are the various gas laws ?
0 two samples of a substance will always have the same ?
1 what is the nature of heat such that it imparts additional momentum to molecules ?
0 what about the substance that we have at 0 k ?
0 if so , what state of matter ?
1 when a solid changes to a liquid , does its mass change ?
1 what does the heat of fusion mean in the video ?
1 what state of matter is slime ?
1 is n't matter made up of solid liquid , gas , and plasma ?
0 what about gas to liquid ?
0 why does the sun go down every day ?
0 does it tell you this in the problem ?
0 yes it does.but we dont know whats out of the universe do we ?
0 if not , how could we find the actual angle it would deflect at ?
0 is it another form of potentional energy converting to kinetic and vice versa ?
0 would n't 3.2 m/s be negative because it is going down ?
0 which is the right way and if both are right then when to use which method ?
1 why do cells want to carry out processes to stay alive ?
1 is skeletal muscle the only thing responsible for conscious motor movement ?
1 why is conscious so hard to define ?
0 is n't it called the autonomic nervous system ?
1 why does this video begin the mechanism from the double bond on the carboxylic acid , while in the previous video titled `` acid chloride formation '' the electrons from the oh acted to attack the socl2 ?
1 why does salt water boil slower ?
1 given the partial positive charge on both hydrogen atoms in the water molecule would n't it makes sense for them repel each other and end with more energy efficient configuration of straight line bond configuration rather than v-shape which would have both of them bunched together ?
1 at 4:10 , does that mean in conditions without gravity water would fill the straw completely , because there are no forces that can stop this process ?
1 what would life be like without water ?
1 what would happen if there was two oxygen and one hydrogen ?
1 could we measure the power of the force of adhesion/cohesion in newtons ?
0 you mean hydrogen bonds break with the help of the heat from our body ?
1 at 1:22 , how would the gypsum deposit form in the way the rover found it ?
0 at 4:55 , he says that the polarity of hydrophillic substances is stronger that the polarity of water which causes the substance to dissolve ; but if the substance is more polar than water then would n't it have a stronger attraction to itself and therefore be strongly held together ?
0 what principle are you applying here , some idea that water attracts water , like a magnet ?
0 and what does it mean when f ( ta ) is positive ?
0 where can i find a video on transistors as amplifiers in common -emitter configuration and the explanation of input current/voltage and output current/voltage ?
1 why do n't the graphs at 2:33 beyond the moment that there stops being zero current ?
0 would n't that prevent the ideal gas equation applying to it ?
0 at 4:58 , he says that the mystery substance is water but how does he know that ?
0 what if we have an ideal gas with twice the mm of another ?
1 what will the volume be if 12.0g of he is added ?
1 how can sound waves travel through our flesh ?
0 is this called ultrasonic sound ?
1 how the nodes can boast the signal of ions ?
0 why not any other positive or negative ions ?
1 and why ca n't voltage-gated channels be placed on the surface of myelin ?
1 sal drew the sodium ions entering the the cell itself , but the cells atucally enter and travel along the membrane ?
0 if it is started at 1s , number of electron will increase by 2. moreover , why electron is filled in 1s for 1 electron and then fill in p orbital ?
1 at 10:56 jay tell us that boron has one unhybridised p orbital.how does he know that ?
1 do we only count sigma bonds to calculate the steric number ?
1 why does the remaining p orbital electron do a pi bond and not a sigma bond ?
1 please explain to me why we are taking the sp3 hybridized state of c when getting to sp2 ?
1 in the beginning , why is there only one electron in the 2s orbital when it should be filled first ?
1 how are we supposed to know which of these situations is most energetically favorable ?
1 how we gon na determine steric number ?
1 will the not-hybridized p orbital be called the lone pair ?
1 or do pi bonds not have a significant effect on bond length at all ?
0 what could the answer to this be ?
1 is the non-inverting amplifier always designed to have two resistors stacked on one another while connected to vout ?
1 for instance , if there was higher amount of circulating 02 ( not bound to hbg because the co is.. ) would the receptors incorrectly perceive this as the body having too much o2 and then communicate to the cns that our o2 level is high ?
0 can you use another unit to describe the mass of something , other than 'amu ' ?
1 how do people know for sure that carbon 13 is 13.0034 amu ?
1 is there a limit to how many neutrons you can add du a nuclei ?
0 or is there a mistake ?
0 do you mean `` once you finish calculating the atomic weight ?
0 what about some other gases , like chlorine ?
0 what is this platform that you are writing on ?
0 what do you mean by this ?
0 is that a healthy or a non-healthy situation ?
0 does it mean the runner ran out of energy ?
1 why glass turns milky when it becomes old ?
1 if this light is made up of particles , then they must have mass , therefore also gravity..right ?
1 is it possible to force the color option on one side , to change the pattern of another machine elsewhere , with another set of machines reading the diamond 's missing molecule to receive the transmuted information ?
0 should n't we be left with oscillation times j ?
1 so , does all electromagnetic radiation have this property that it has wave like and particle like behaviour ?
0 how does the amplitude of the wave relate to this equation ?
1 so like , if you had a bromine attached to the second carbon in a substituent chain versus an oxygen attached to the first carbon in a different substituent chain , which would be ranked higher ?
1 does the current just go to infinity because there is no resistance or something ?
1 so q∆v ( qv_d ) is the energy of all the electrons , kt is the energy at temperature t of one electron , and qv/kt is the number of electrons ?
1 does anybody know why did sal divide 0.081g by 0.00437moles ?
0 and what is its formula ?
0 can you please do a video showing the pv=nrt method for this calculation ?
1 when we are dealing with gases why do we consider h20 ?
1 at 1:50 , how do you know when to use stp ?
0 are you always gon na into gram/moles ?
1 how do you know what the stp will be ?
1 if the temperature rises so does the volume ?
0 in the end ca n't the answer be flourine ( f ) , as it has mass of 18 i.e 9*2=18 ?
0 at about 2:28 how does he say that it is an ideal gas equation ?
0 is there any way of verifying if its water ?
0 and also , how come it ca n't be any other substance that has 18.5 grams ?
1 does anyone know why sal divided 0.081g/0.004375 when it was originally 0.81g ?
1 do polyps break off very often ?
1 is there way to find out if clotting is happening in the blood supply to brain before it becomes stroke ?
1 what 's the most common age range for strokes ?
0 at 0:43 , he said that the air does n't actually ever move away from the speaker , why does this happen ?
1 what happens if the air pressure in d throat and outside the body is less then the air pressure in your middle ear , when u swallow ?
1 are vibrations and oscillations the same thing ?
0 when we draw this zig-zag line ... it only shows the graph right ?
0 what other things do they and can they do ?
1 will two separate 50 db sounds together constitute a 100 db sound ?
1 one last question , are there any ion channels and na/k pumps under the schwann cells ?
1 why do we need high resistance of myelin sheaths ?
1 why are the nodes called nodes of ranvier ?
1 can anyone please explain to me how the current flows from dendrites to axon ?
1 could n't the action/ electrical potential maintain itself while traveling down the axon without the myelin sheath via means of the voltage gated channels ?
1 what diseases could occur if nodes of ranvier are not present ?
1 why do we use ions instead of some sort of conductive fibre ?
1 could somebody please explain the difference between left and right sided heart failure and what the body experiences with each of them , or is there a video explaining this already and i have n't found it yet ?
0 is that simply the rule whenever an atom is bonded three times , rather than four ?
1 why 2 electrons was not filled in 2s for full and then fill in 2p ?
1 while bonding for example in carbon the electron excites from where the energy comes to excite the electron ?
1 why does n't boron bonds with 4 flourines to gain its octet rather than bonding with 3 f ?
0 how do you know if its planar or trigonal pyramidal ?
1 can we calculate steric no for coordination compounds ?
0 is it when the s orbital combines with the p orbital ?
0 and if possible , why do they hybridize ?
1 is bf3 an exception to octet rule since b has only 6 electrons in bf3 ?
0 at 6:42 , he says p-orbitals can overlap side by side , but why ?
1 at 5:32 why does carbon atom have 2 purple orbitals when it has only one unhybridised electron left ?
1 but what is the motive of orbitals getting hybridized ?
1 how do the angles of atoms and molecules interact with the reactions , structure , and general stats ?
0 if it can can i have an example ?
1 if the n=3 shell can hold max 18 electrons then why does calcium have 8 electrons in its 3rd shell and 2 electrons in its 4th shell ?
1 why does c2h4 need hybridisation with s orbital as there are only 2 electrons in each carbon atom 's p orbital.so each orbital can have 2 hydrogen ?
1 at 0:14 , what is that geometry ?
1 could someone please explain the electron configuration of boron why are there 3 sp2 and an unhybridized p orbital ?
0 or will it remains as sp2 hybridization with 2 lone electron in it p orbital ?
1 do we do the configuration for only one carbon atom ?
1 how are you calculating the angstrom number ?
1 what do you mean by 360 angle here ?
1 for example , is hemoglobin an enzyme ?
0 can anyone explain it to me ?
1 why do we draw hearts like that when they dont look like that ?
1 if carbon-12 has an atomic mass of 12 amu , why does carbon-13 have 13.0034 amu ?
0 why is n't 13 amu ?
1 why is only carbon-12 and carbon-13 used to find the atomic weight , are n't you supposed add the total weight of all carbon to find the atomic weight ?
0 instead of ( x ) ?
1 the masses of elements given in the periodic is all average atomic masses of their isotopes ?
1 so , basically we can calculate the number of protons and neutrons but , how do we do the same for electrons ?
1 is neutron heavier than proton ?
0 does the calculation work for everything ?
1 if not , what happens when you calculated an atom 's fractional abundance based on its isotopic mass and atomic mass , then you get an abundance which is > 1 ?
1 questions : is there an element with an isotope that is more abundant than 98.89 % for it 's element ?
1 just how many isotopes of carbon are there ?
1 in what ways is average atomic mass useful pragmatically ?
1 does a proton have an atomic mass slightly less than 1 amu ?
0 how is that accounted for ?
0 clarification ... what does he mean at 2:10 ?
0 it should be in the middle , not in the vessel ?
1 are there any other cells other than endothelial cells that do n't need insulin to take in glucose ?
0 did they treat it a specific way ?
0 in 2012 the mit game lab developed just that , called `` a slower speed of light '' : http : //gamelab.mit.edu/games/a-slower-speed-of-light/ has sal seen this ?
0 how would one interpret this situation ?
1 energy cant be destroyed or created.does it mean that `` heat energy '' can be transformed into a more useful type of energy that has the ability to do work ?
1 does snow generate heat when it falls ?
0 what other example would you like to have ?
1 does heat really transfer from hot object to cold object ?
1 if the energy is transferred , then where does the energy goes when we use radio ?
1 for example inside a box , we could put a light bulb , all the heat and kinetic energy that dissipates could be recollected then converted into chemical energy , thus creating a light bulb that would last forever , ( unless the actual bulb broke ) would this be possible to do , and if not , why ?
1 is it true that an exergonic reaction will result in a negative free energy value within the gibbs free energy equation ?
1 when the thermal energy going to the air is there destination for these air molecues ?
0 then how can it physically interact with matter ?
1 why light shows dual nature ?
1 plank 's quantum theory is based on the particle nature of light or wave nature light ?
1 why a photon can not decay to an electron and positron ?
1 how much energy ( in j ) is contained in 1.00 mole of 526 nm photons ?
1 but frequency is n't discrete , right ?
1 if we put a really sensitive detector to detect the energy absorbed and we give it 10 photons , is it possible that it will absorb 5 ?
1 what is three units of energy ?
1 what is the difference between r-s and l-d ?
0 where are the homework questions ?
0 i can not understand how sir rotated 4 # without rotating 1 # ?
1 @ 6:10 so even if the carbon next to the chiral center has a f plus 2 ch3 groups attached to it , we still consider the c attached to the br as the higher one ?
1 then , when the work function of metallic caesium is given as 3.43 x 10^-19 j , is this the energy required to free an electron from the outermost shell or the innermost , or is it some kind of average value ?
1 mostly particle move in straight line ?
1 the difference between spectroscopy and photoelectric effect is that in the former electrons are only transitioned between energy levels and emit photon whereas in photoelectric effect the entire electron is emitted ?
0 at 8:47 , sal says intensity of light ?
0 if so , what and where ?
1 this might sound like a stupid question but what happens to the electron once it 's freed out of the metal surface and what happens to the photon ?
0 at 8:15 with the answer equaling 77664439914.3 my calculator gets 7.77*10^-52 is there a fix around this ?
1 does the electron have a negative velocity in that case ?
0 or does it get absorbed as in spectroscopy ?
1 can wavelength be expressed in any other form like m , cm , km ?
1 at 1:25 , there is a usage of the term photoelectron , what does it actually mean ?
1 if i were to say i had to convert all my meters of wavelength to nanometers , how would i convert meters to nanometers ?
0 ( if you know the value of work function ) s'ok ?
1 does the photoelectron ionize the air around it when it is knocked outside ?
1 is work function the same as ionization energy ?
1 the photon is entirely a particle made up of energy , so when the effect takes place , it should vanish ?
1 i wonder why longer waves means lower work function ?
1 what shorter wave `` have '' better/more than the longer one that it gives more energy to the electron ?
0 like two low energy photons hitting one electron back to back fast enough ?
1 can someone give a proper definition of light ?
1 can we detect any isolated electrons ?
1 why is n't the photoelectric effect considered ionizing radiation ?
1 do the photon disappears nowhere like it appears in the experiment of forming something out of nowhere the mirrors at the speed of light ?
1 is the work function the same as the threshold frequency ?
1 i 've seen problems saying that there 's a certain amount of stopping potential , but how does one base calculations off of that ?
1 what will happen when cohesive force is equal to adhesive force ?
1 what exactly is breaking the surface tension ?
1 if we put mercury on top op water ... will it float or sink ?
1 then why ca n't we pick mercury with our bare hands ?
0 also , is the same logic applicable to a convex meniscus ?
1 adhesion forces have no role in surface tension ?
1 10:25 how come the ch3 not on the ring not concidered as beta ?
1 cant we view the mechanism to start with the base plucking a proton from beta carbon ?
0 is there a reason that heat was n't one of the reagents in the second reaction with cyclohexanol like it was for the other two ?
1 at 9:51 could n't an sn1 reaction occur ?
1 how can we determine if a reaction is fast or slow to happen ?
1 what 's the rate-determining step in the first example ?
1 why koh acts as base as well as nucleophile ?
1 at 7:23 how is the 1 carbon a carbocation once the hydrogen is taken off ?
1 at 4:14 how the electrons are gon na make a double bond ?
1 does the pond freeze first because the pond has more surface area in relation to its volume ?
1 or rather , is the scientific method the only valid way to explain things ?
1 what is the difference between a theory and a hypothesis ?
1 the ocean has a high concentration of salt right ?
0 if it does then why did the salt water freeze faster in my refrigerator than regular drinking water ?
1 at 3:23 should n't the hypothesis be in an if , then statement ?
0 like , `` the ocean does n't freeze at the same temperature as a pond because of it 's salt concentration /and/ the fact that it 's constantly moving '' ?
0 ca n't the salt water make it freeze ?
1 so salt water has a lower freezing point ?
0 since it is pretty much impossible to test ?
1 can the fresh water freeze faster because it is not moving ?
1 which freezes faster a lake or a sea ?
0 how does it all start ?
1 does the scientific method include reproducible ?
1 at 7:17 , is n't the prediction practically the same thing as the hypothesis ?
1 why the esr is elevated ?
1 is it possible that at the same time of forming lactone , an oh part of one molecule attack the cooh part of another molecule , and form a ester with two 5-carbon chain ( and no ring ) in it ?
1 what are these r o o rs ?
1 does the addition rate of the catalyst influence the reaction ?
1 why did rutherford used only gold foil in his experiment ?
1 how did atoms come about ?
0 should he not expect all the rays to rebound ?
0 should n't he think that they will repel and the rays will reflect back ?
1 why are inert gases always gases ?
0 is there something i do n't understand ?
1 why did bombarding nitrogen with alpha particles create hydrogen ions/protons ?
0 : ) it 's an alcohol ?
1 in this video , sal draws the molecule of water with two pairs of free electrons and two more electrons bonded to two hydrogen atoms , but should n't there be another pair of electrons because oxygen has 6 electrons in it 's last shell and needs two more to complete an octet ?
1 so that means the new h should bind to the right c. but here sal says that the c-c bonding is what 's important ... can someone explain this to me please ?
1 why is 2-methyl pent-2-ene and not 2 bimethyl hex 2 ene ?
1 can this reaction also be named hydration ?
1 why is the voltage on the node between the resistors assumed to be very small or 0 ?
0 is that because of the current through the mid point ( between r1 and r2 ) being 0 ?
0 do n't you have to have the same amount of different atoms ?
1 how will we come to know the state of matter in a chemical equation ?
1 what is the difference between an atom and a molecule ?
1 can anyone explain what happens at about 1 000 000 000 000 kelvin/celsius ?
0 as a parent , is it possible to add `` recommended reading '' links into my child 's reading list ?
1 how does one know chemically that a compound is ionic , when one simply looks at the chemical makeup of the compound ?
1 is there anything that can not turn into a gas ?
0 would n't this violate a law of some sort ?
1 i thought there was 5 states of matter including bose-einstein condensate ?
1 is spraying paint from a spray can a form of diffusion ?
1 ok ice and water can both be at 0*c but ice at o*c will have more ke or liquid at 0*c ?
1 what are the bonds between the atoms made of ?
1 what is the next after gas ?
0 is it found on earth ?
1 what exactly is bose einstein condensate ?
1 why is there real gas and ideal gas ?
1 how then would states of matter be explained for non-polar molecules ?
1 is n't there another state of matter called plasma ?
0 what 's that supposed to mean ?
1 is fading of clothes a physical or chemical change ?
1 and why can all three states of water coexist with one another in the same environment ?
1 at 0:06 , what is the fourth state of matter sal refers to ?
1 what exactly is potential energy in terms of molecules and changing state ?
0 should n't both sets be visually on the top of the molecule for the purpose of the video ?
1 at 12:33 you said a rock is solid magma ... is n't that only ingenuous rocks ?
0 if there is what kinds ?
0 is there any day-to-day example ?
1 at 6:55 , what does latostructure mean ?
0 `` wht do u think well freeze quicker ?
1 at 13:20 what happens to the energy ?
1 why are the states of matter so clearly defined ?
0 and how do it included as one of the classification of structure together with crystalline ( or the so-called long -range structure ?
0 and is `` heat of melting ' just other words for it ?
1 is there 6th -7th state of matter exists ?
0 does it have any special properties that differs it from other substances ?
1 why is iodine sublimation done in a fume cupboard ?
1 what happens to the particles in sublimation ?
1 what is the fifth element ?
1 did you ever steam some broccolli ?
1 how liquid crystal works as a temperature sensor ?
1 if oxygen is a gas and has a very high energy level , why does it not feel hot ?
1 oxigen is made out of what ?
1 why the volume of liquid is higher than the volume of solid ?
1 if sand is solid , how does it flow ?
1 and now i 'm confused , which bonds are breaking and what bonds are where ?
1 is it possible that in order to be invisible , all you have to do is separate your molecules farther apart ?
1 what are the seven states of matter ?
0 where does the energy go ?
1 at 19:15 did sal mean 0 celsius water or 0 celsius ice ?
0 at 6:50 can someone explain kinetic energy more ?
1 how much is a kelvin ?
1 at 9:15 - is it necessarily true that having a smaller mass will mean it ( ball b ) is deflected at a larger angle ?
1 at 0:30 how do you know momentum is conserved ?
1 i cant completely understand what is momentum ?
1 could you not just find the resultant vector for momentum itself ?
0 so how did you end up with the correct answer ?
1 what if the balls have equal masses that you do n't know ?
0 what about a large , non-polar molecule ?
1 i have a question : are n't co2 and o2 technically hydrophobic , since they are noncharged ?
1 why is it difficult to define conciousness ?
1 what is the molar mass of barium perchlorate ?
1 at 1:53 , how much space , in liters , does 1 mole take up ?
1 could i have found the moles just by replacing it in the stp equation ?
0 would that account for the .5g ?
1 in this equation , pv=nrt , what was n and r ?
1 how does cancer spread like a virus or bacteria ?
1 how do you add impedance for components that are in parallel ?
1 does n't infarction occur around 4 minutes without oxygen ?
0 2 ) when i simply wave my hand in air ?
1 why can not we hear sound more than 20000 hz ?
1 electrotonic spread happens in the axon , right ?
0 is that kind of physical hit or chemical influence ?
0 and why would it grow thicker without growing sufficient blood vessels to supply it ?
1 for c2h4 , why did it start out with one electron in the s2 orbital and and extra electron in the p orbital ?
1 when does sp2 hybridization take place ?
1 why are double bonds always made of one sigma and one pi bond ?
1 what does make the atom form a pi bond ... ... not all bonds are sigma ?
1 is ethylene an other name for ethene ?
0 why could n't he just use the p3 orbital instead of an sp2 hybridized orbital ?
1 will it just have one of the three regular 'p ' shaped orbitals bonding to boron 's sp2 hybrid orbitals , or will flourine also become hybridized and have sp3 orbitals bonding to boron 's sp2 orbitals ( based on steric number i.e the 3 lone pairs+ 1 sigma bond ) ?
1 what 's the difference between sp3 hybrid orbitals and sp2 hybrid orbitals ?
1 why the unhybridized orbital is the p orbital instead of s ?
1 does hybridization occur in all molecules ?
0 how does it lead to bond formation ?
0 i am also so confused on why do they overlap and force the others away if there is a single ?
1 can a hybridised orbital form a pi bond ?
1 how only one p orbital remain unhybridized of carbon in a ethylene molecule ?
1 how is the sp2 hybridation supposed to work ?
1 why have we left one p orbital unhybridised ?
1 what 's the vsepr theory and when you 're drawing your molecular structure does it have to be in a specific pattern , like ammonia ?
1 does the hybridization have a 67 % mix of s characteristic and 33 % p characteristic ?
1 how come the argument `` carbon bonding with three atoms '' for having 3 hybrid orbitals is valid ?
1 at 4:50 why are there 2 unhybridized p orbitals drawn in ?
1 around 1:40 , i was wondering , what if we were to switch the the carbon into another element like sulfur , would we fill up the hybridized orbitals with 6 arrows , and two of them being down ?
0 it the current is zero , what is the point of the circuit ?
1 why do we need tgose extra resistors ?
0 and is grounded the same as `` just not connected to anything '' ?
0 i understand a is large and a property of the particular op-amp whereas r1 and r2 are decided by us and that which we actually use ?
0 so is it two or is it really large ?
1 what neurotransmiter does the glomus cell secrete ?
0 is it not suppose that the average of something is the sum of its parts and then divided by that same number ?
0 they count both neutron and proton what about the electron ?
1 re video @ 4:10 - if the atomic mass of carbon increases by 1.0034 ( an amount greater than 1 ) when a neutron is added , how does the atomic mass of 6 protons , 6 neutrons and 6 electrons only equal 12 ?
1 how much do electrons contribute to an atom 's atomic mass ?
0 does this mean that every atom has multiple isotopes ?
1 are there eleven isotopes of carbon preceding carbon 12 that you just have n't mentioned ?
1 so average atomic mass for carbon is 12.01 on earth , not in some other planet right ?
0 if you want to get one would you get the same thing ?
1 diamond is n't c60 is it ?
1 should n't it be called relative atomic mass instead of atomic weight , since weight is the product of mass and 'g ' ( in the case of earth ) ?
1 at 0:58 , how is the amu of carbon-13 1.0034 amu larger than that of carbon-12 if the only difference is the added neutron ?
0 is there a way to restore chernobyl nuclear site , since we know exactly what went wrong ?
1 10:27 should n't the blood pressure increase , due to the increase of resistance , caused by the the decraese of blood vessel diameter ?
0 would n't that mean that the energy is being destroyed ?
1 is n't sal confusing the 1st law of thermodynamics with the law of conservation of energy ?
0 ca n't we just reuse the already existing energy ?
1 and why there was mention of chemical energy ?
1 are electromagnetic waves considered energy ?
1 i do n't know where to ask this question , what is meant by glass transition temperature ?
1 i know that white light is made up of seven colours ( or 'colors ' in the american spelling ) , so , if each of the colours has its own frequency , is there any specific frequency of white light ?
1 the total energy would be intensity , no ?
1 how much time passes before an entity absorbs photons again ?
1 if it is true that hv > hv ' , where does the energy go ?
0 is that in all cases where we leave the largest group and rotate all other atoms around ?
1 is it possible for a molecule to have multiple chiral centres ?
0 if so , how would it be named ?
0 i thought that if you rotate the molecule to have the # 4 on the dashes , then the configuration is actually the opposite of what you get ... ?
1 would the first molecule also be include with cis in its name ?
1 how do you know when to make a certain atom go behind or forward like the hydrogen and methyl in this question ?
1 at the end ( 9:40 ) how are you able to tell that # 1 stays the same but # 2 and # 3 switch ?
0 why not # 3 group ?
1 or is it really a must for the group to rotate around the molecule with the largest atomic number ?
1 at 9.10 ... why does n't this atom structure indicates whether it is s / r ?
0 but in the prev vid by sal , he rotates it by taking # 1 priority group as the handle of an umbrella and the other 3 as the cover , and then rotates through that as a axis but here jay has told to use 2 different ways , what should we use ?
1 so the fluoro group on the third carbon should n't it be the first point of difference and not the bromine on the first carbon ?
0 so where is this energy transferred to ?
1 would n't the combined energy be enough to create that photoelectron ?
0 can someone tell me if i am correct here ?
1 if i keep giving the minimum frequency needed to eject electron , will all the electron from the atom or the element fall out ?
0 or is it a trick our mind plays ?
1 how is the photoelectric effect evidence that light has particle nature ?
0 or does it weirdly pass through or something ?
1 so if you shine white light on a metal , it will knock electrons off for sure , because white light contains all wavelengths of visible light ?
1 or is the electron totally freed from its atom making a positive ion before it loses enough to kinetic energy to be brought into another orbital ?
1 so the battery is connected to keep the plates at different potential , and still the circuit is incomplete unless photons are bombarded , right ?
0 ... where were these things covered ?
0 no photolectric effect make sense ok ?
1 suppose if one photon has energy that can emit two photoelectron then also it emit one photoelectron ?
0 but that never happens , so , how does the metal regain its electron ?
1 how do we measure the intensity of light ?
1 is n't the photoelectric effect observed in certain metals ( eg-k , rb ) alone ?
1 what happens to the electron that 's knocked off ... ?
1 e= mc^2 , so sure , if you want to , you can calculate a mass any time you know an energy , but what is the point of that ?
0 since h1n1 is what commonly affects us now ?
1 why does capillary action increase when the diameter of the vessel becomes thinner ?
0 and what is the meaning of expel in the question ?
0 is n't this concept counterintuitive ?
1 or is the solvent not a good nucleophile to cause a substitution reaction ?
1 so are the first 2 examples dehydrations rxns and the last one is dehydrohalogenation ?
1 when you said bronsted lowry acid ( which i do n't recall hear of from my teachers ) is that an electrophile ?
1 why does salt lower the freezing point ?
1 where can you naturally find freshwater ?
0 so , i guess you could say you test to see if your explanation holds water ?
1 does salt water freeze at a lower freezing point because salt is a mineral and mineral water is hard to freeze ?
1 does how much water have anything to do with why the freshwater pond froze first ?
0 what do n't you understand about it ?
1 do i have to refer to steps of the scientific method each time i come up with a hypothesis ?
1 why does hot water freeze quicker ?
1 or does acetal formationn only work with aldehydes and ketones ?
1 what made early scientists think about atoms and molecules ?
1 but how can cadmium , an element that is somewhere around the middle of the periodic table , have an oxidation state of +2 ?
0 is there a proof of it ?
0 should n't electrons push them or i think that distance is big so force is n't that strong so what if the ray went so near the electron ?
1 ie once you make the bit-zee bot can you take it apart and use these components to create something else ?
0 what would be the estimated cost for all this ?
0 are you thinking that you can make other types of these or are those the only things you know how to make ?
0 does anyone know where it takes the pictures from and how you would view them ?
0 will there be videos about transistors ?
0 is there any other semiconductor component ?
0 it ca n't be water at stp ( correct me if i 'm wrong , but something tells me the ideal gas equation only apply to gas , and water is a solid a 0 c ) , but would a question like this be asked on the ap exam ?
0 where you have to know basically every molecule ever ?
1 at 2:07 , does ideal gas law apply to liquids ?
1 at 4:35 why is h2o a good candidate ?
1 so calculating for n=pv/rt should still give the same result that we got from ratio and proportion ?
1 how do different molecules or atoms in an ideal gas state always share that same volume at stp ?
0 t was 273 k but it does n't show up in the equation ?
1 can we say that air is the best medium for the sound to travel why/whynot ?
1 since sound even travels in water , why is n't it heard ?
1 why is that the air near the diaphragm always oscillates but never goes away ?
0 can you start by making some suggestions ?
1 you know how loudspeaker works ?
1 so , what keeps the signal from going back into the receptor instead of going on to the terminal , especially when the signal receives the boost ?
1 is n't it that the natural flow of ions should be from a higher concentration to lower concentration gradient ?
1 i was under the impressions that action potentials do not decay with distance ?
1 what happens to the third p orbital ?
0 why is it related to the nucleus ?
1 why does n't carbon form 2 sigma bonds instead of one sigma and one pi ?
0 do they not simply need to complete the octet ?
1 how can i know wether a molecule will accept electrons or donate electrons ?
1 6:40 why does jay draw lines connecting both sets of the p orbital lobes when only one set of lobes has electrons ?
1 also , do all atoms undergo hybridisation if they are bonded to another atom ?
1 why do you only need 2 p orbitals ?
1 so does that mean that the number of orbitals that we should take for hybridisation should be equal to number of atoms the carbon or whichever element there is , is being bonded with ?
1 why does n't the carbon atom just use its 3 electrons in the p orbital ( instead of using 1 from 2s and 2 from 3p , while keeping another p hanging around ) ?
1 is so2 a bent molecule ?
0 if so , what is an example ?
1 do the number of valence electrons change after hybridization ?
1 whats the advantages of having the same enzyme but in different forms ?
1 if the + side of a power supply is hooked to a circuit and the - side is simply grounded , how can we expect it to work ?
0 how are these two statements consistent with each other ?
1 how does this go with lungs ?
1 why does it appear that the aorta is coming from the right ventricle ?
0 should n't it be concentration of oxygen/carbon dioxides instead ?
1 does the globus cell die when it depolarizes and releases its neurotransmitters ?
1 baroreceptors , i 've been taught that they are located in internal carotis , not only in the aorta arch ?
1 just wondering : can an atom be an isotope and an ion at the same time ?
0 do they have some sort of atomic racial discrimination ?
1 so do scientists have to study every atom/molecule of carbon in order to figure out how much carbon there is ?
1 if we are finding average of the atomic masses of these two carbon isotopes then , why sal did n't divide the sum by two ?
1 so just for clarification , we 're saying that the amounts of the isotope carbon-14 present in nature is so negligible that for atomic weight we only use the carbon-12 & c-13 isotopes for its calculation ?
0 if so , is there set numbers of isotopes each atom can have , or is it infinite ?
1 at 3:45 , is a carbon neutron and proton about 1.0034 amu ?
1 what would you do if you wanted to estimate the abundance percentages for the whole planet ?
0 if so , then how does carbon-12 have an atomic mass of exactly 12 amu ?
0 rishi talks about high blood pressure/hypertension as being one way that proteins are pushed into the tunica media ... does this mean that high intensity exercise that increases blood pressure , can contribute to arteriolosclerosis ?
1 do the serum proteins themselves physically do anything when in the t. media ?
1 and , on an unrelated side note , is there a bacteria/archae/protist that is capable of turning co2 into oxygen and organic carbon ?
1 is thermal energy and kinetic energy the same thing ?
1 1 laws of thermodynamics apply its rules to a refrigerator when a hot soup is placed inside it ?
0 have they given you some numbers , such as `` enthalpies of formation '' or `` bond enthalpies '' ?
1 doesnt einstein 's law e=mc^2 disprove the first law of themodnamics cuz this equation proves that energy can be created from matter ?
1 if energy can not be created nor destroyed then what happens inside a black hole ?
1 is glass crystalline or amorphous or partially crystalline and partially amorphous ?
1 at 4:57 , is frequency a measure of the wave ( of light ) frequency ?
1 how is a particle supposed to have a frequency ?
1 em radiation travels at c , but if e = hf and e = mc^2 then there must be a mass there , but then it would not be able to travel at c. what am i missing ?
1 can photon has exact energy ?
1 3:37 so if light behaves as on or off , not in between , could there be a binary system based on light and whether not it 's there ?
1 are all the photons close to each other ?
1 does that mean energy of photon remain constant all the time ?
1 at 1:00 , what does ''localized '' mean ?
1 does electromagnetic radiation have specific frequencies ?
1 how do you know which will be the axis around which the other atoms or groups rotate ?
0 would it make a difference in the name , since they 're both methyl groups and are linked to the same c atom ?
1 and what is the rule by which i can replace amolecule by another in its position ?
0 does that mean that every next photon will need a little more energy , because of the electrical attraction between positive metal and electron ?
1 or any light can be used for photoelectric effect ?
0 look at the equation : do you have any suggestions what will ( or will not ) happen ?
0 at that time there will be no more electron to remove ?
0 is it just an assumption einstein took or is there a scientific reason behind it ?
1 what is planck 's constant ?
1 also , does it ever happen that the cathode gets much positive charge and anode , negative charge , so that the current decreases in the given direction , or even stops ?
1 for what energy level is work function valid ?
1 if the energy of the photon is less than the work function , then the electron ignores the photon or absorbs its energy and transitions to a higher energy level and release a photon ( like in spectroscopy ) ?
1 in other words , assuming frequency is constant , does a single photon of wavelength 525 nm have the same energy as a light wave of wavelength 525 nm ?
1 why does electron absorbs energy from photon ?
1 what will happen if the frequency of the photon is equal to the work function ?
1 out of curiosity , what happens to the photon once it transfers it 's energy and what happens to the photoelectron ?
1 why does the photoelectric effect not work on non metals ?
0 can someone double check my working and where i keep getting it wrong ?
0 watch this https : //www.youtube.com/watch ?
0 where did he get that number from ?
1 what are the differences between particle theory and wave theory ?
1 one more question , suppose uv rays can knock the electrons off a zinc plate , which red light ca n't , what will be the effect to the charged zinc plate if i increase the red light intensity ?
0 why does he not use the approximately equal sign instead of the equal sign since we are rounding ?
0 why is this important in chemistry and what did it have to do with einstein ?
0 with this problem , i set it up as ( 20 ) ( .5 ) = ( x ) ( 40 ) and got x=.25m the -log ( .25 ) is not 7. can you please tell me why mv=mv would not work to get the answer for this question ?
1 how do we know that all the hydrogen ions and hydroxide ions will react to form water ?
0 should n't some of them dissociate back into hydrogen ions and hydroxide ?
0 cause both are fluids ... .will it go down slipping on the molecules of water ?
0 and in particular if we 're talking about this given experiment ?
0 or could he have done the math and left it at that ?
0 as seen with e2 reactions ) ?
1 in acidic conditions , like in the cyclohexane example , are you supposed to deprotonate before or after the elimination has occurred ?
0 that 's right , is n't it ?
1 can you explain how to use a compound microscope ?
1 is n't the hypothesis the same as a prediction ?
1 does the volume change how its affected by the surface area ?
1 do you know who else helped create the scientific method as well ?
1 but why does salt water have lower freezing point than fresh water ?
0 when you test is n't that basically experimenting right ?
1 should n't you give the patients fluids and ionotrops first and circulatory and respiratory resuscitation ?
0 what would the psychological effects be ?
1 this `` following the electrons '' is just highly confusing , i mean it could work this way but why would it ?
0 is there any possibility that someone would be able to help me ?
1 what are the smallest particles we know of today ?
0 its written in my book that he ( rutherford ) conducted experiment on the basis of thomsons model ?
1 with respect to the discussion of historians ' use of primary vs secondary sources , do n't most historians use a synthesis of both in their research ?
0 or are primary sources always better and more reliable ?
0 what does `` lack thereof '' mean ?
1 if a secondary source is an interpretation of primary sources , does that mean it is somewhat a synthesis of primary sources ?
1 how do historians approach historical inaccuracies/differences if a primary document is subjective , while a secondary source is objective ?
1 how does a historian 's belief affect history ?
1 do you need to read and analyze the document right away or can you pre-read and then analyze ?
1 how can you make sure a primary source is the most reliable source without it being biased ?
1 can anyone tell me a summary of the stock market that was mentioned in the video ?
1 what exactly is an inauguration ?
1 would the abscence of an event affect the reliability of a secondary source depending on how long it 's been since the event occurred ?
0 since primary sources sometimes can be heavily biased , which is more reliable ?
1 how do people justify their credibility from a secondary source and whether it is useful ?
1 was julius alive when jesus was a adult or born ?
0 so its a condition that express and why it is a condition ?
1 is might and could is used as may and can ?
1 speaking of `` you can learn anything '' , is `` you might learn anything '' or `` you will learn anything '' both correct ?
1 in 2:05 he says i will have been eating cookies , does that make sense ?
0 he will probably add it at 4:50 and ... who knows what next ?
1 i know i 'm probably wrong , but for some reason i feel like the words `` may '' and `` might '' pretty much do the same thing in a sentence.for example `` it may rain '' and `` it might rain '' is this true ?
0 is it permission or possibility ?
0 where is other parts of speech ?
1 in the sentence , `` i do not understand , '' is the word `` do '' a helping verb or a main verb ?
0 are you going to make more ?
0 what if the information is wrong ?
1 when writing an essay off of a secondary source , does one have to acknowledge its somewhat unreliability ?
0 so , can it be ?
1 since primary sources came from people at the event , could that possibly make primary sources more reliable than secondary sources ?
1 why do historians never agree with each other ?
1 what is the difference of an auxiliary verb vs a modal verb ?
0 was that from a book ?
1 at 4:34 what are brunelleschi and ghiberti doing ?
0 or are there other botticelli 's ?
0 but how does this compare to an average painting or a below-average painting from the same period ?
0 or was it something only royalty was allowed to do ?
0 can somebody tell me about the middle kingdom or can someone who works for khan academy make it ?
0 did you learn it from the grammar books ?
0 do you agree with me ?
0 is the a linking verb ?
1 i am super confuse about past participle and also with 'been ' and 'being ' could some1 show me what it is or recommend a video on ka ?
0 well , what do you think ?
1 do bears actually eat fish ?
1 which is right , '' i am he '' or `` i am him '' ?
0 or was that some where else ?
1 what are the name of french territories occupied by germany on the franco-prussian war ?
0 is this discrepancy due to the distinction in the terms `` mobilize '' and `` fully mobilize '' ?
1 why did n't america just drop nukes ?
1 now that the germans dug the trench does it mean that the people living on the german side of the trench belong to germany ?
0 in the video sal mentions ( round about 6:38 ) that you would see this movies in , does he mean in movies ?
0 how do you pronounce `` schlieffen '' ?
0 could n't they strategize against the germans if they had known longer ?
1 did france make the charges at the german based on napoleon 's tactics ?
1 the first german army was commanded by alexander von kluck , right ?
0 was their any fighting in colonies of germany or england or france ?
1 how closely related are these slavic groups ?
0 is studying art history a way of studying history through art ?
0 was the whole wall removed when it was sold ?
1 are the figures surrounding the buddha representing the same person ?
0 does anyone know the technique for doing that ?
0 did n't lippo memmi also help in painting this ?
1 i wonder what the paint gabriel holds in his hand is ?
1 why does eve make an effort to 'cover ' herself , but adam only covers his face ?
0 i am not asking about slavery and other factors , but merely the idea that if a state , or group of states , wishes to secede ... why not ?
1 were there any slave-owners in the crowd at the time ?
1 who is the figure sprawled on the steps by himself in front of aristotle and plata , and what does he signify ?
0 how do they know who each of the figure represent ?
0 are these just the best educated conjectures or did raphael have notes ?
1 why did raphael place him on team plato ?
0 what are the other books ?
0 it just did n't seem all that even , okay ?
1 is `` i like me so much '' grammatical ?
1 attending college/ged is attributive how ?
0 at 0:5 it sufficated , started over , and turned into a different mode.how can it get worse ?
1 is n't the southern `` y'all '' used as the 2nd person plural ?
0 is it to the journalist or to the reader ?
0 ( plural ) i understand that the `` thou '' ans `` thee '' words , are informal , ¿is the formal form ( for singular subject and object ) `` you '' and `` you '' words ?
1 so a combine is always something that 's more of a painting and less of a sculpture , as is the case here , or could it be a work that more readily resembles a sculpture , but also has elements of painting ?
1 can we expect a video to be made about ai wei wei 's 'dropping a han dynasty urn ' ... perhaps the single most famous work of modern chinese art ?
0 how long did it take to make this ?
1 where did slavery come from and why could n't they vote ?
1 how come the battle of leyte gulf kept japan from keeping the philippines ?
1 at 1:23 , what is a b-29 bomber ?
1 and why did n't the americans make an agreement with russia and built airfields on russian soil , since it was so near to japan ?
0 why did they take the marshall islands ?
1 why did n't the u.s take the bonin islands or the volcano islands ?
0 what does bruce guenther mean here by `` unbranded '' ?
1 what does it mean for a civilization to end ?
1 is anyone today trying to decipher the old language ?
1 if luke was a disciple of christ how was he able to draw the madonna with the child ?
0 when he says a frame is too `` light '' or too `` heavy , '' what does this refer to ?
1 in the case of modern art , how much input would the artist typically have in the framing process ?
0 what types of wood are typically used in frames and do you work with other materials ?
0 who gives you the frame and who makes the pictures ?
0 is this a transition from the byzantine ?
1 am i mistaken or the triumphal christ was usually depicted without them ?
0 if so , which artist was it about ?
1 will a person who does n't have a job still be penalized ?
0 will ( and how will ) this act change your employers responsibility to provide medical insurance ?
1 why are some people against obamacare ?
0 i know the defense for this is the interstate commerce clause , but how is that sufficient for the government to penalize someone for not buying a product ?
1 at 3:35 does the 100,000 stand for annual or monthly income ?
0 could you elaborate on how they get insurance ?
0 why do they give people penalties if they do n't have health insurance ?
1 so in pre-existing conditions some one who had cancer would pay more or less for income taxes rather than someone with no insurance ?
0 is n't that what happened in his house conundrum video ?
1 why did sal not explain what a `` mandate '' is at the beginning of the video ?
0 do you think it is constitutional ?
1 why do n't we just have a system where people who ca n't afford health care or taxes put into this program that gives them the potential to get a decent job so that they can pay for it ?
0 why is this an important work of art ?
1 it almost looks like the cube has replaced a cross , perhaps suggesting that the bauhaus is creating a church of creation rather than a church of devotion ?
1 is child ( children ) and person ( people ) mutant plurals ?
0 even though the other word were made cant they like make them the same like sheep to sheeps ?
1 would it be hard to find an origin of a word with out studying it for a while ?
1 what is `` fube '' means ?
1 why does child become children ?
0 is it correct or how do you make it plural ?
1 how can plural they still remain they when being singular ?
0 dont worry david i have a watch ( except its a digital army watch so it probably wont count ) plus that is not how u spell cantaloupe ( and u probably noticed that later didnt u ?
0 how is the actual concept about the nature of that kind of energy ?
1 if i was saying i had one penguin would that be a proper noun because it is more specific than saying i had one animal ?
1 would `` tree frog '' be proper ?
0 also , how would i add an interjection in the middle of that ?
1 what 's the difference between a common noun and a proper noun ?
1 this is kinda off topic , but why does the `` i '' always get capitalized ?
0 what program dose he use to do the lectures ( drawing program ) ?
0 question already answered here : https : //www.khanacademy.org/humanities/grammar/partsofspeech/grammar-nouns/v/common-and-proper-nouns ?
0 where am i supposed to enter answers ?
0 why is english language so wired ?
1 will boy be a propernoun or a common noun ?
1 1:54 what does the reviewer mean by velocity in art terms ?
0 do they mean our left side , or the angels left side ?
0 are those all the subordinating conjunctions , most or only a few ?
1 so do you have to just know that `` but '' is a coordinating conjunction and `` although '' is a subordinating conjunction in order to make the distinction ?
0 are there videos that do not have so much in it all at once ?
0 was this work commissioned or just out of the mind of the artist ?
1 why were children allowed to work in factories ?
1 how would these people find satisfaction in their work when consigned to the ranks of permanent wage laborers ?
1 is n't it the company 's fault for having underfunded pensions ?
1 also does n't the funding level get tricky with the return on investments being harder to project ?
1 at 0:30 , why is puerto rico not included in the map ?
1 how do we know about the boundaries of the persian empire ?
1 did the greeks tell us how far their empire extended ?
0 is caravaggio giving us a little piece of history here ?
0 and for that matter , how come you never see christ or the apostles with a head covering given that that would have been a mandatory ( mitzvos ) component of being jewish at the time ( and continues today amongst religious jewry ) ?
0 who are the people in this painting ?
0 they are getting tossed around , killed , destroyed , demolished , and which side did they fight on in world war 1 and 2 ?
1 at the end of the war , germany was punished severely , but what happened to austria ?
1 how did mussolini and the fascists `` get away '' with violence ?
0 but the real question is : how desperate do you have to be to do that ?
1 why did n't mussolini go back to milan fascio after ww1 ?
0 did they have any importance in mussolini 's rise to power or march on rome ?
0 were their any people that left italy when mussolini came to power ?
0 what led to all those people thinking turning to fascism and using violence was the answer ?
1 who is the guy on mussolini 's right with all the medals ?
0 which one means more than ?
1 can the comparative adjectives be used for more than two nouns , like the superlative adjectives can ?
1 i have a question - i wonder if we could say `` raul is the happy penguin '' instead of `` raul '' is a penguin ?
1 where did raul 's mohawk go ?
0 how can we get the black hole badge ?
1 in the painting the tower seems to have it 's floor at a very high slant is this just me or was this on purpose or an accident ?
0 apart from personal style , is it also due to specific materials used in the production process ?
0 what exactly do you mean by `` the lower number tells us what kind of note is equal to one beat '' ?
1 what is a double whole note ?
1 what music is being played at 2:44 ?
1 are n't the whole note/half note etc also called semibreve , minim , crotchet , etc ?
0 what is the name of that piece and who performed it ?
1 was mary 's virginity important ?
1 does anybody know how that dynamic might have worked in the middle ages ?
0 i understand that here it is reffered to in a more general way , but still - is n't the doryphoros an example of idealistic sculpture , not the naturalistic one ?
0 is that the way of the artist 's imagination or how he saw them ?
0 what positive/negative attitudes are being provoked from this ?
0 how many days do you think it took to make a painting like this ?
0 why he painted greens so dark ?
1 which clef does the bassoon play in ?
1 and with a double flute or a triple flute ( both of which are still existent ) would n't you get an interval or a triad ( 3 note chord ) on 1 flute ?
0 or are you referring to the base material ?
0 is that maybe why they have a different form now ?
1 are there any irregular verbs that do n't end with a `` t '' ?
1 why not just let an african american be jim crow ?
0 why did he wear brown make-up ?
1 in what year did abraham lincoln issued the emancipation proclamation ?
1 how long did it take segregation to completely stop ?
0 i do n't mean any offense , but you 're joking , right ?
1 if germany and soviet union both invaded poland then why only germans are critised ?
0 also , can anyone find out the color codes for the european theater map that sal uses ?
1 did subhash chandra bose died or killed ?
1 why did mussolini and hitler hate the communists ?
0 why do they not just defend themselves ?
1 did hitler make nazis work for him because they were scared or work for him because they agreed with him ?
1 from 2:34 what dose sino mean ?
0 what happened in this area ?
1 at 3:40 , how militaristic was hitler 's germany originally ( after they seized power and made reforms , but before the anschluss ) ?
1 what role did holland play in wwii ?
0 here is the link : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ?
0 v=okcpzz5wbqy there is also a youtube channel called military history visualized , and there is a video about finnish tactics during the war : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ?
1 why were children evacuated and where were most of them evacuated to ?
1 what was africa and south america doing during the war ?
1 why did the germans and the soviets invade poland ?
0 if so , what side were they on ?
1 did nazi germany want to take over every place in the world ?
1 was india a part of world war ?
1 why would france and great britian attack cgermany , i mean did n't they want no more wars after world war 1 ?
1 why did n't the soviets turn on the nazis in the first place ?
1 is it really the japanese who started ?
1 please re-explain the `` puppet '' state ?
0 were they just against other people being communist ?
1 why does hitler hate jews ?
1 could some help me answer this question , suggest howw the policiy of apeeasement can be justified ?
0 did they also imprison people of their own country who stayed in other countries ?
0 whos economy got hurt the most ?
1 what is the main cause of the world war ii ?
1 how did nepal , bhutan , india , and the solomon islands effect the war ?
0 why did they fight themselves because of beliefs ?
1 why did world war 2 start ?
1 why did adolf hitler want to do so much harm to the whole world if his own troops were going to die in the middle of the battle ?
1 at 1:20 , why was china ever having a civil war ?
1 why is everyone attacking germany ?
1 i wonder if the world will stop having wars ?
0 if anyone can help me ?
1 , the quote at 11:47 , is there an online source you know off that can let me read the whole passage ?
0 is she hiding from death , and that is why she locks the door upon herself ?
0 and , what does it mean ?
1 * about theology : could this sculpture , and its message , be protestant too ?
1 what are the dimensions of the statue ?
0 i have two questions : one , what made the us get involved with these countries in the first place ?
1 were n't there international laws at that time preventing the u.s. from tampering with other countries choices ?
0 which countries did they represent ?
0 is it possible for them to change into a democratic country after freedom is now wide spread around the world ?
0 total about more than a thousand years so which do you think is longer compared to communism and socialist countries ?
1 what about an extra line to the `` chart '' : what was the result of the interventions ?
1 how bad were the french to the vietnamese ?
1 did n't the cold war arise from the fact that communism defined itself as a revolutionary movement whose end goal was to eliminate all other forms of government everywhere ?
1 is it true that ww1 ww2 and the cold war were all caused by the assassination of a prince i did n't even learn about in school ?
0 you mean china 's perspective during the cold war ?
1 what is different between stuff and thing ?
1 such as , if i put a flashback in my story , but it only happened to one character who was telling the flashback to the other character , how would one smoothly transfer the story to keep it going and not sound choppy ?
1 why did germany attack neutral lithuania but not neutral switzerland ?
1 are there any videos about the treaties mentioned in this video , such as the treaty of versailles , on khan academy ?
1 how old was hitler when he committed suicide ?
1 what are the kind of people in rumania ?
1 if it was the ussr and nazi germany who invaded poland why was the ussr part of the allies instead of the axis [ even though the nazis were anticommunist ] ?
1 why do the women have to be nude ?
0 i think that they look much alike.could n't they be siblings ?
0 why does he have his hand raised like that ?
1 does this painting represent a contract between the couple ?
1 8:28 can we not only be a part of brahman , but also reach it in infinity 100 % ?
1 7:03 what is the structure moksha ?
1 were there key changes as the religion spread from one place to another ?
1 1:19 what makes that painting special/what is it trying to convey ?
1 why is there so many forms of art ?
1 everything has an intelligence that allows it to be , and it is all expressing itself in infinite ways , so would n't it be logical to say that not-art does n't exist ?
1 at 0:41- how is a can of soup considered art ?
0 is it based on the way the person painted the soup or the person who painted it ?
1 what are keys to appreciating abstract art ?
1 what were the critical issues for the artist and his or her circle at that historical moment ?
0 why do you think we might have started ?
1 does art need to have meaning ?
0 what is your favorite panting ?
1 can art be seen in nature ?
0 see our videos on linear and atmospheric perspective : https : //www.khanacademy.org/humanities/art-history-basics/ah-glossary/v/how-one-point-linear-perspective-works and https : //www.youtube.com/watch ?
0 well if those are some ways to read a document , why should we not trust evidence from now as far as we can throw them ?
0 mental uneasiness , lethargy , discomfort http : //www.dictionary.com/browse/malaise ?
1 since secondary sources are subjective and contain bias , does that mean that primary sources are more reliable and dependable than secondary sources ?
0 this is a little off topic , but is the comma in the 4th sentence necessary ?
1 was egypt not a monarchy during the intermediate period ?
1 what light source was used in underground tombs and passages ?
1 how was life different in each part of egypt ?
0 but what if i do n't want a second hat 🎩 ... .… i do n't need to learn this………… ?
0 there a limit of hats ?
0 why u pick the bear ?
0 would you be okay if i shared my story with you , it 's called 'beyond nature ' , sound interesting ?
0 in the trench warfare , did n't they call that no man 's land ?
1 did the british came in at the end ?
1 has there been any attempt to conserve this painting ?
0 or is there something i 'm missing ?
0 why do each of them have navels ?
0 or is it just the way the sword is supposed to look like ?
1 there is a story that raphael put himself in the painting , but where is he ?
0 i feel like if it was in the private library then a pope would have come along and have it replaced because they did not like the emphasis on the human ?
1 at 4:00 , why is it stated that the formal way to address someone was to use the the plural form of the subject pronoun ?
1 who agreed to having slavery ?
1 when was the end of slavery for the african american ?
0 why did n't they keep some spares so that they could get payback ?
0 why could n't they just trade ?
1 did australia or new zealand help the u.s. against japan ?
1 did australia have any involvement in the pacific theater ?
1 if the indus river valley civilization was probably earlier , had ( probably ) more people and were technologically more advanced then all the other contemporary civilizations , why is n't it know as 'the craddle of civilization ' ?
1 who comes up with ideas of options and who makes the final decision ?
0 now what exactly would happen if they scratched the masterpiece ?
1 why has the fresco not been repaired ?
1 so , if i understand your subsidies explanation , people who primarily already are paying for their own insurance are also going to be asked to help subsidize the premium costs for people who have no insurance ?
1 for example : $ 20 000 ( 2.5 % of $ 20 000 = $ 500 ) is there any regulation for the poor population of the united states ?
0 does anyone else see it , or does the background look like a forest ?
0 what does david out mean ?
0 what about the noun `` die '' and its plural `` dice '' ?
0 is n't that a 'mutant plural ' ?
0 who is jake and why did you guys high five ?
1 what does `` mutant '' mean ?
0 does anyone know of any books that focus on collective learning ?
1 are humans the only organism to be able to collectively learn ?
0 is it published in a newspaper , aired on radio , and/or telecasted ?
1 will it be as credible , less credible , or more credible than a primary source if the secondary source includes many different primary sources ?
1 what are some indicators that display that a source was reliable or unreliable ?
1 can the bias of a document be used to disprove the legitimacy of a document ?
1 would an extremely biased primary source still be more reliable than a more neutral secondary source ?
1 is it possible to accurately identify a source without knowing anything about the context outside of what the document itself is suggesting ?
1 does one 's own interpretation of a primary source differ from one another 's , either from cultural perspectives , or bias ?
0 how about the word `` ought '' ?
1 i mean , can you also say 'you can be this tall to ride the doom coaster ' ?
1 this is good question - what makes a great painting great , and different from a `` b '' level painting from the same period ?
1 during the egyptian times , was anyone allowed to be buried in the tombs , or under the pyramids ?
1 were there any gods before ra and all the other gods came ?
1 is there a limit to the amount of prepositions you can have in a sentence ?
1 but how can you take a garbage out , if you have n't leaved the house ?
0 so you could cook anything ?
1 so forms of the word `` to be '' are always linking verbs but other words that link ideas together can also be linking verbs under some circumstances ?
0 hey david , is your favorite animal a bear ?
0 what other subjects can i do other than grammar ?
1 so can i say the bear were hungry ?
0 are there videos for the structure and parts of sentences ?
0 would that fit under `` action '' or `` state of being verb '' ?
1 at 0:50 , how do you actually pronounce `` schlieffen '' ?
1 why was the trench warfare `` static '' for three years ?
1 are troops individual men/women , or more than one ; a grouping of people ?
1 what would happen if the schlieffen plan had worked ?
1 at 4:17 it talks about how a flank is a weak spot ?
1 how is schlieffen really pronounced ?
1 what role does the dalai lama have in buddhism ?
1 what were the pigments/paints made from ?
1 to my western instincts , should n't we have more respect for a bodhisattva because they are working to help the rest of us become enlightened ?
1 does the starburst like thing on mary 's left shoulder have any significance ?
1 who asked simone martini to paint the annunciation ?
1 why does the artist show mary reading ?
0 what is the big painting directly above and to the right of the people ?
0 also i was wondering does anyone know who 's the person in the white robe ( the one above pythagoras and staring directly at the viewer ) ?
0 are all the students around him actual people , or just generic students ?
1 is n't `` it '' the singular version of they ?
0 so sorry , `` i got dinged '' ( 0:31 ) - what does that mean ?
0 and in the sentence `` rebecca told lauren that abby said she was the best trombonist in school '' , is the word she referring to abby ?
0 ratsloveme2 how long did it take u to just get to the point of javasript of where you are now ?
1 did people long ago know more words then we do today ?
1 when did slavery really start ?
1 why where the black codes created and what did they help do for the people ?
1 why did those two states still have troops if the rest of the states had rewritten their constitutions to acknowledge the 14th amendment ?
1 why does hitler want to start world war ii ?
1 did the americans destroy all of the japanese navy ?
1 was n't the american strategy to take control of the pacific islands called `` island-hopping '' ?
1 is there any way the i-400 submarines could have been used to turn the tide or at least greatly slow the us ?
1 was china an american ally ?
0 or was that in another war ?
0 did he not sign these works or something ?
0 and what technology did duchamp use to create them ?
0 is it the ink part or the background/paper part ?
1 was there any treaties or diplomacy made during that period of time in the indus river civilization with others ?
1 then what references have survived ?
0 should n't the artwork itself be what your paying attention to ?
1 when was the first time artist started framing their art work ?
1 how to decide if we should put glass on painting or not ?
1 why not follow the traditions of the time period or the artist in choosing a frame ?
1 does anyone know what kind of footwear this is ?
1 maybe lack of common power ( italy was completely divided then , a bit like greek poleis in the time when `` philosophy '' began to exist ) and also closeness of ancient hereditary were ones of the reasons ?
0 why do they have weapons ?
0 is any of this in the ppaca or is this propaganda ?
0 they are cutting your health care benefit and telling you to go buy on the exchange ?
0 does that still happen with this ppaca ?
0 @ sketchylamb have you had a look at the keynesian economics videos here on khanacademy ?
0 say that this is practically a version of socialization ?
0 if you are paying for it yourself , and the net gain of the country is n't buying it for eachother , why is it considered socialism if you are buying it for yourself ?
0 or does it cost the same as a four person family ?
0 what is the artwork shown at 4:46 - 5:08 ?
0 where are the other parts of speech ?
0 has anyone ever thought about that , or am i just crazy ?
1 its means when the word have `` oo '' `` ous '' , we need change the word to `` ee '' and `` ic '' ?
0 david thank you for helping me learn a lot also say hi to jake..my question is that does any word but those 7 words can they have more than those words ?
1 could our ability to utter words and putting them in syntax clusters , have evolved together with our ability to make tools or make art ?
1 if humans were able to increase their lifespan , would it be possible to know everything ?
0 did nomads knew how to talk ( as opposed to write ) ?
1 are they able to decipher exactly what the animal is saying ?
1 can writing communication be a type of collective learning ?
0 what do you think about this ?
1 if the farmer is about to speak , what do you think he would say ?
1 this was painted in 1930. does anyone know if the great depression which began in oct of 1929 motivated the artist to paint this ?
1 what is in between the extremes of the continuum ?
0 why we still separate them into two groups to discussing the distinction ?
1 so basically a proper noun can is a specific type of common noun ?
0 but look at it : i. does n't it look smallish ?
1 at 2:07 , when it says `` mountains are my favorite '' , is favorite a noun ?
0 how do you do that thing were you can draw and add stuff ?
0 is this where your confusion is ?
0 since there are some nouns could be common as well as proper , how could we make sure that which is which at specific cases ?
1 if reinhardt did n't want to be clumped in with abstract expressionists , why was he ?
0 but , inspired by these videos , i was planning on reading some of vasari 's work and wanted to know if i should be weary about what he has to say ?
1 are the angels wearing earrings ?
1 what does the third man from the left have on his head ?
0 you can tell because , for example , the panel on the far right and far bottom is actually the raising of lazarus ( https : //www.kimbellart.org/sites/default/files/styles/large_800/public/tms/apx1975_01_main2.jpg ?
1 if christ was circumcised how come christian men ( unlike jews and muslims ) are not required to be circumcised ?
0 what 's the point of going to the locations if there 's no video ?
0 are n't this both dependent conjunctions ?
1 i know that you are not supposed to capitalize coordinating conjunctions in titles , but are you supposed to capitalize subordinating conjunctions ?
0 at 5:08 , did he put the conjunctions in order of the alphabet ?
1 had a similar system of employment under a boss for a designated wage existed somewhere else before this time period ?
0 wait , land of the aryans ?
1 why was the man in the green shirt look so frightened and torn in is shirt when he see the long hair man in the center ?
0 in this video , they talk a lot about lives lost , but what about the economy ?
0 so they didnt learn to stop doing war ?
1 did italy have a king ?
1 what were the main causes for the rise of totalitarian ideologies in europe before mussolini ?
1 did the black shirts have anything to do with mussolini 's gain of dictator-like powers ?
1 why is there a fingerprint on the photo ?
1 did n't mussolini want to remake the roman empire or something like that ?
1 was it because the people who led the country were n't doing a great job ?
0 was there any resistance to them when they came into rome ?
0 is it me or sal is having hikops ( i know im mispronauncing it ) ?
1 what sign is under cesar ?
1 what i want to know is ; is there a suffix to mean less than ?
0 hey just wondering , is it pretty easy to learn music theory ?
1 so are there other time signatures than four/four ?
1 is there a difference whether the stem is on top , or on the bottom ?
1 how long will the notes be ?
1 how long in seconds does a whole note last for , and what is that weird dripping noise in the background ?
1 what does each note represent in terms of sound ?
0 when you look at your keyboard and you press the dash button it looks like this _. why is it like that ?
0 is this statment grammatically correct ?
1 why did you choose to focus on those 4 sculpture ?
1 was the woman of venice ii supposed to resemble a corpse or just an elongated woman who appeared near death ?
1 i have a question though : why do you think the general level of skill and discpline has declined in art during the last century ?
1 is there a reason why the artist would leave out the blood ?
1 who was the patron of this painting ?
1 was fragonard ’ s intention to make it look like different possible objects ?
0 does anyone else see this ?
1 how long does a reed last ?
0 or better , a flute ( as i played that for a little while ) ?
1 2. how many bassoons are in an orchestra ?
1 can the word 'dreamed ' become 'dreamt ' ?
0 i thought too ment something like i like blue too ?
1 how can a country stay 'safe ' when a dictator is constantly seizing more land and killing more people ?
1 can anyone tell me which countries were a part of axis and allied powers ?
1 what countries were the molotov-ribbentrop pact made between ?
1 does n't some conspiracy says hitler escaped to south america ?
1 what happened to heinrich mueller ?
1 at 1:42 , who were the leaders mentioned , and why were they important ?
1 so in the end , was nazism it 's own religion or did it have something else to acclaim to ?
1 why was appeasement doctrine so damaging in the case of adolf hitler and the munich conference ?
1 why did hitler want to kill people ?
1 why did japan attack the pearl harbour knowing that the us was a very strong state ?
0 why was hitler s eager to role the would ?
0 i dunno what do u think ?
1 is world war 2 still going on because when the soviet union declared war on japan they did not sign a treaty ?
1 why did n't britain react when hitler marched his troops over to the rhinelands ?
0 and what state or country ?
0 if your country lost a giant war , was humiliated by the victors , blamed by everyone for the cause of thousands of young mens deaths , and had it 's status as one of the greatest country 's in the world , striped away , would n't you be pretty angry ?
1 what was the state of youth during ww2 ?
1 can i ask why did the british and the americans killed the german people ?
1 what side was the soviets on ?
0 we 've got to smash her '' - 1936 ?
1 who were the leaders of every country ?
1 is ww 1 a cause of ww 2 ?
0 i then wondered if the dog tugging at the woman 's bonnet in the tête à tête was hogarth 's way of showing a ... common ?
0 would it mean she was abused ?
1 what was the cause of genghis khan 's death ?
1 what stage in michelangelo 's life was the pieta made ?
1 what was going on in society that influenced michelangelo to create this piece ?
1 was communism the only solution to the subjugated subjects ?
1 why did the usa influence the country of cuba ?
0 are n't we a noble country ?
0 would that cause those communist countries to become nice , and become democratic , like us , and become our allies ?
1 why was the usa so concerened about communism ?
0 why could n't they just let people think differently than themselves ?
1 and are there more communist countries now than in the past or less ?
1 why were korea , cuba , and vitenam involed in the cold war ?
1 in world war 2 , the u.s and russia ( a.k.a soviet union ) were allies ?
1 where is the story of peggy ?
0 in the sentence '' that 's the place where i grew up ?
1 when you are writing a story , or a book , would it be okay to switch between characters ' point of view for each chapter ?
0 even though hitlers actions were horrible , appalling and evil , would his actions also be accurately described as awesome ?
1 was n't the policy of appeasement followed with the hope that hitler 's aggression , if unchecked , would eventually be directed against soviet union ?
1 around 1:00 , when sal says that the germans are not allowed to occupy the rhineland , does that mean that all people living there before the wars had to leave or does it mean that they became french ?
0 did they even have a army ?
1 why did adolf hitler have such a hunger for power , was there something in his past that caused that greed , or did he , being a human , fall suddenly into that greed ?
0 at 3:55 , why is it only on part of czechoslovakia that helps germany ?
1 nazi aggression and appeasement , how was spain and portugal able to stay neutral during wwii ?
1 how are `` spheres of influence '' different than just partitioning and taking control of an area ?
1 is the crown of thorns that is housed at sainte-chapelle real ?
0 is this an introduction to secular art ?
1 why is there so much symbolism in flemish painting ?
1 what does the mirror in the center of the painting that has the two peoples reflection suggest about the artist 's purpose in painting the piece ?
1 sal says that brahman and atman are genderless , so why do the vedas say `` he '' instead of `` they '' ?
0 is this separateness of our reality , it can change to infinity ?
1 why people have different point of view about art ?
1 if art is an expression of consciousness/feeling , and if there is no rational grounds on what we can decide is conscious or not , then would n't everything that is a part of existence be art ?
1 will art become non existent ?
1 is art a feeling and what they feel like ?
0 this video was interesting but it did n't answer the question `` why look at art '' ?
1 why is modern art , ( sribbles ) so `` fancy '' ?
1 art is seen in nature , but who , then , are we to identify as the artist ?
1 is the different attitude towards both sides just because of short or long ages ?
1 can we be considered art ?
1 why do people look at art paintings or pictures and what does the picture mean your just looking at it ?
1 where is that giant pie server statue ?
1 what , then , would the money invested into artwork in socialist societies be ?
1 can anyone point to solid research on the benefits of studying art ?
1 do the colours of the wing have a meaning ?
1 what do the doors in the monastery have to do with anything ?
0 do they represent different greek goddesses , or are they representations of the idealized human female form ?
0 am i the only one who feels like hesse got the inspiration for this work of art by looking at a spider web that was made by a spider who was either very drunk or on some sort of mind altering drugs ?
1 dr. zucker , help me to understand `` arabesque '' because i thought i knew what it meant to a degree , but when you used it at 1:12 what were you meaning was `` arabesque '' about this work ?
1 is n't drawn things art ?
1 how would abraham have a `` connection '' with god ?
0 would it have anything to do with the metal clamps mentioned at 2:00 and a gigantic incline ?
0 or is it just my imagination ?
0 after all , he did not intend to use it , why would he have a huge penis ?
1 how many people where needed to clean and levels out the buildings after a disaster ?
1 why is the painting so blurry ?
1 why did upper-class women hire wet nurses ?
1 yes , hello there my question is to anyone that would know what was the name of the artist that sculpted the gods ?
1 what was the process of carving these statues ?
0 were they sculpted like that ?
1 how was shay 's rebellion important to the articles of confederation ?
1 how did shays ' rebellion get resolved ?
1 why did n't the delagates fix the problem before it escalates into shay 's rebellion ?
1 at 5:32 , what other kinds of species died out because humans came ?
1 getting wool from cows would n't that be leather ?
1 are wombats friendly to humans ?
0 could it be because of the new form of farming ( plus the smoke and ash in the air ) or the human population , i wonder ?
1 is the bible classified as a primary source , or a secondary source ?
1 if the interpretation of history constantly changes , how can we be sure that what we are taught in school is factual and will not change in a few years ?
0 what if i told you that you were correct then , and correct now ?
0 cant `` to will it to fly '' correct ?
0 and what about `` ought to '' ?
0 but everything studying time it 's easy , but speaking time only it not coming properly what can i do ?
1 are the modal verb really agree with everything ?
0 sure , those are both correct , but `` you might learn anything '' does n't really have the same hopeful ring to it , does it ?
0 or did they respect fatty figures during that time ?
1 what important part do these sticks play in crowning christ with thorns ?
1 what kind of traps were in pyramids ?
1 how and why did ancient egyptians start believing in their religious system ?
1 did the pyramids have traps-pits , loose steps , etc- to prevent anyone from invading the tombs ?
0 if so , did scientists have to get through them to be able to find the tombs ?
1 can daylight be reflected by polished brass mirrors with enough intensity to be practical over the distances required ?
1 hey david , can we use until instead of by and vice versa as both of them indicate a precise ending ?
0 and could it be `` it is better this place to be clean by 3 p.m. '' ?
1 could `` the bear is eating fish '' be both a linking and action verb ?
0 like , what are the differences ?
1 why did germany declare war on france in the first place ?
0 or does belgium 's neutrality have anything to do with it ?
1 how was the war back then ?
1 was the german blitzkrieg strategy in world war ii based upon the schlieffen plan at all ?
1 how many people are in a troop ?
1 what year was the battle of the marne ?
1 at 2:15 , why is the plan called `` plan 17 '' ?
1 can anyone give me an example of what a flank would be on a human being ?
0 what was their position during the war ?
1 what was italy 's role in the conflict ?
1 why did n't the german first army just take paris and just go right past it ?
1 is belgium any bigger ( in area ) today than it is in the first map sal shows us ?
1 roosevelt 's inaugural address the place that this quote comes from , or did someone else say it first ?
1 how can i truly make sure the document i am examining is either a primary or secondary source ?
1 how does fdr explain the effects of the great depression ?
1 is it just me , or can `` will '' be used as a non-modal verb as well ?
1 let me ask you guys , is there a limit to how many modal verbs are in a sentence ?
0 why are they called `` modal '' verbs ?
0 are these words modal verbs ?
1 do we know why someone wrote the rosseta stone ?
1 at 5:20 , what were the pharaohs referred as before the new kindom ?
1 is the nile river the only river that flows from south to north ?
0 were they arbitrary or was there a system behind it ?
1 how many pyramids exist in egypt approximately ?
0 and if its correct then ca n't it represent 'precision of beginning ' ?
1 how would one distinguish use of since as a conjunction versus the standard conjunction of because ?
0 can any clear my confusion ?
1 what type of grammar is the word 'like ' in the sentence : the bear smells like cinnamon ?
0 why are they called linking verbs ?
0 can you teach about transitive and intransitive verbs ?
1 why could n't germany `` roll '' through switzerland instead of belgium to avoid involving britain ?
1 i mean , russia 's troop building up on the border on its western border was why germany declared war on russia , but what about france ?
1 why did n't wilhelm ii follow the schlieffen plan ?
0 why were the russians and the french allies ?
0 or is there an error somewhere ?
0 was it too time consuming to go that route ?
1 what was belgium 's position in the war ?
1 how much too late were the germans to realize that they could outflank the french ?
1 germany was directly bordering france why couldnt they 'roll ' through there ?
0 or did the germans not give them any time ?
0 2:10. were they 16 other plans ?
1 when was flanking invented anyway ?
1 is the medium oil on wood ?
0 if so , then in what way ?
0 is it gold or something ( other material ) that has gold leaf or paint covering it ?
1 since many people were illiterate during this period , would these paintings have been considered a tool to help people grasp what they have leaned orally ?
1 @ 4:27 does oxidized silver remain silver or does oxidation convert it to a different element ?
1 why is it that monet , picasso , degas , and van gogh are artists that everybody knows something about but artists like mary cassat , winslow homer , casper david friedrich , and rosa bonheur are just as good but less well known ( i for one had n't heard of any of them til i watched these ) ?
1 do we have a `` fog of war '' moment with inadequate intelligence ?
0 i could n't quite catch what the titles were , does anyone else know ?
1 at 5:45 the speaker throws out a lot of art terms i do n't know , could someone explain ?
1 why is it entitle `` the school of athens '' ?
1 4:12 why did n't thee , thou , and ye team up to take over you ?
0 can they actually refer to both singular and plural ?
0 you could have this instead , they are really smart , are n't they ?
0 why is this video not helpful ?
0 did he do all the work on this himself , or did he use a team ?
0 can you talk more about black codes ?
1 how did the reconstruction reform america as a whole ?
0 i mean you have other parts of philippines as well , right ?
1 what was the turn of the war ?
0 and about how many were used in battle ?
1 who did the japanese navy fight to get wiped out ?
1 in what battle did the uss frankling got hit because she was very damage from being hit and still hand enough to go under her own power ?
1 at 3:05 , sal said that b-29 bombing raids happened as early as the summer of 1944. but b-29s were n't invented until may 8th , 1945. was this just a mistake ?
0 why was this attack attack cancelled ?
0 his work could be different than the classical renisaunce paintings , but , why was it different ?
0 is it just that the shorter videos do n't say this ?
1 how is the size of the population determined ... in one area you say there were 40,000 and in another you say 4 million ?
1 why is it that mesopotamia has this title and not the indus river valley civilization ?
1 why urbanization in indus valley civilization happened faster than egyptian and mesopotamian civilizations ?
1 i might just have this question bcuz i did n't watch the full video but why is n't the basic civilization that started around 7000 bce not considered the indus valley civilization ?
0 how does the person who the frames picture measure the exact lengths for the two ?
0 why did he choose to do this one reverse of that ?
0 is the person on the table dead ?
0 was his the first documented `` lucid dream '' or vision of a christian or religious nature , outside of the bible , leading to a conversion to christianity ?
0 why is this work important ?
0 was this kind of `` revolutionary '' or a total exception at that time ?
0 is it behind the more recently built 'balcony ' ?
1 now who painted this painting ?
0 what does he mean that if you belong to a religious organization that the individual mandate tax does n't apply `` because you dont go with the healthcare systems '' ?
0 is it used to gamble in stocks/realtrade etc ?
0 what about in a situation where the household income is very low ?
0 the one they have in canada ?
1 are there any traces of this dynasty in the current distribution of languages in india ?
1 how do you spell the sound of i ?
1 why is it at 0:38 when you say mouse and louse and it becomes mice and lice does n't that mean that dice is all so douse ?
0 i do n't get the feeti footi or anything ?
0 because the are words without plural language dont end with s ?
1 what came before the germanic languages and how did they form ?
0 is it some sort of an exceptional case ?
0 a combination of a mouse and a moose ?
1 is `` grammatical '' a real word ?
1 is `` we made our bed '' correct ?
1 so , basically the grammatical number is the ability to become singular or plural ?
1 13:16 how come animals have not come up with their own language ang also are they incapable of human speech ?
0 hi , that video was awesome and i want to know what you have to say about `` information energy '' ?
0 and why does this guy always say 'hello grammarians ' at the start of every video ?
0 it 's just his thing , okay ?
1 so a proper noun is a name , right ?
1 in this sentence : matthew enjoys swimming , how is swimming a common noun if it is telling what specifically matthew enjoys ?
1 is n't it nice to have the nouns when they were ready instead of having to wait until the whole section was all complete ?
1 how can you know what is generic and what is specific ?
1 are species of animals such as a `` hylidae '' frog common or proper ?
0 is n't halt an action ?
0 do feelings are proper noun ?
0 most people why use common right why does people hate to use proper ?
0 anything particular i should watch out for or simply caveat lector ?
1 i just notice that there are very small holes on the painting , particularly on 2:04. how is this occurred ?
1 is the wiid used linden wood ?
1 what is an example of another `` gesamtkuntswerk '' ?
1 is there an mnemonic for subordinating conjunctions similar to fanboys ?
1 what is the definition of a coordinating conjunction ?
1 how original is this painting ?
0 as in , who else painted excrement and figures that torture before this ?
1 i can vaguely recall maybe some cruel egyptian hieroglyphs , and some minotaurs , but these torturing figures and excrement seem like a big leap forward to me in terms of painting from the imagination ... who or what influenced bosch to paint this painting full of torture and gross things ?
1 what is the difference between the `` market revolution '' and the `` industrial revolution '' ?
1 is the situation in ct similar to that described for illinois ?
0 dose ... .this entire video seem like a second-to-second copy of `` serbian and macedonian fronts '' ?
0 anybody else think the same ?
1 was the picture of mussolini of when he gathered followers for his fascist party ?
0 could there possibly be a glitch ?
1 did the people of italy want to follow mussolini or did they do it just because he was there leader ?
1 how could i animate an ellipse along multiple bezier curves with code ?
0 that was kinda confusing anyone care to explain ?
0 do you have anywhere i can do this online ?
1 how do you make the craters jump ?
0 that was cool but umm where can we do this ?
0 i am assuming that you are still working in maya ?
1 is non-developers ( normal people ) are able to make characters like unreal engine ?
1 can we split the pixel ?
1 how does one become art conservationist ?
1 at 1:20 , what does the inscription say is the recorded weight in silver ?
0 how do they actually manage to control the lamp ?
0 this way they can get pretty accurate templates , good colour patterns and controlled randomness , right ?
0 why go through all this ?
1 why are drawings made with pencil slowly becoming completely irrelevant ?
0 i 'm just wondering if that makes me an internalist or an externalist ?
0 at 9:33 , if she ca n't tell the difference between elm and beach , then could n't she say beach but be referring to an elm ?
0 how do you get into work at places like pixar ?
0 how did you come across pixar ?
0 i assume you mean what happened to the trumpets ' appearance ?
1 is the firebird ballet still regularly performed , or is it more common to hear just the suite alone ?
0 her sister also danced , and i think there was an elite dance company in her village , i ca n't remember which state-maybe oklaholma , where many of the girls from there were quite gifted ... ?
0 can we listen to the music without the commentary ?
1 by using this formula can we create graphic program in c ?
1 do we know if the romans made any others on such a high scale , or were there just those two ?
1 how do you make a lamp look younger ?
0 is it possible to be both ?
0 if so where could i get a copy of firebird ?
1 who was stravinsky and why is it called firebird ?
0 why were they subsequently edited ?
1 how do animators make the character 's lips sync with what they 're saying ?
1 what if you want to tell a story from the perspective of multiple characters ?
1 what is the transformation in all kinds of stories ?
0 when does it come out ?
0 maybe we can not say annything about the validity of an ampliative argument ... ?
0 the last one is valid , right ?
1 would dory be an antagonist ?
0 this was very informative , my only questions is how exactly do you know when you have a complete story to tell ?
0 what is it really about ?
1 are n't goosebumps just a side effect of your skin contracting ?
1 so does it not make sense to say that what is being shown in the video via the monitor is not really the absolute complete perceivable colour space for the eye ?
0 is it because we are focusing on one part of the whole image ?
1 what makes the introduction sound melancholy ?
1 i mean like do certain colors make us have feelings ?
1 what does the world look like for color blind people ?
0 what did you study in college ?
0 why not just belief ( which seems to have confidence built into it ) , truth/factual , and a good basis ?
0 how long did the video take ?
1 why are so many adults afraid of change ?
0 how do the scientists and preparers know when this occurs ?
1 does anyone know who the sculpture was of ?
1 so is it just me or does this work have a distinctly jackson pollock feel in the middle there ?
0 is it written on the back ?
0 are there more than one ?
0 then after ambassador to england to keep the empire together , then go ahead and help the revolution ?
1 when he became an apprentice does that mean he will also get an education there ?
1 is it really true that the earth 's axis has a constant tilt ?
1 at 2:35 , how does the earth go behind the sun ?
1 precisely speaking , how is computer programming linked to binary numbers ( the language of a computer ) to produce software for computers and other electronic devices ?
1 will the slow reduction in genetic diversity pose a threat to evolution as darwin said variation is the cause of evolution ?
1 how do you keep your creativity in check ?
1 if a mother had a c section delivery with epidural anesthesia , would it retard the letdown reflex and thus affect the mother 's milk production ?
1 do women need to get a breast exam ?
1 how many children in america do you think have malnutrition ?
1 1:12 - i thought that the solo was french horn ... was it english horn ?
0 is there a pixar program to buy ?
0 i guess the interactive exercise is n't up yet ?
1 is it possible that houses in the future will be fluid and waved ?
0 would adding mirrors to the wall enhance the experience this is supposed to induce ?
1 where do i go for `` interactive you should try '' at the end to make my own grass ?
0 this is about the creation of the grass , my real question is.. u develot a tool to creathing that assets ?
0 why do they have to use all that math just to make one single frame ?
1 how do i use parabolic arcs during animation design ?
1 why must we use parabolic for the grass ?
0 i feel like this really helped me with my characters and honestly my dream job is to be a 3d animator for pixar in either character design or story boarding , i 'm pretty young but is there anything i can do to help me in the future ?
1 would it be better to approximate using a cone with the top chopped off , or is there a way i could get an exact answer ?
0 i do n't understand ... how is all f 's are g 's the same as all non-f 's are non-g 's ?
1 instance confirmation requires every instance to be observed before you can really make a conclusion right ?
1 how can i know something about autocad ?
0 even though they had clothes , would n't they surely come across these ?
0 does this imply there was originally one race and one language ?
1 what is a color wheel ?
1 what are the anabolic effects of insulin ?
1 which macronutrient is the most important or are the all equally important ?
0 which means to lose weight eat some carbs then train so much so that body starts taking from fats ?
0 am i wrong about this ?
0 if you watch the next video in the periodic table she has elements that are man-made ... so how can those come from supernovae ?
1 why does supernova create all the elements in the periodic table ?
0 if so , what are the differences ?
1 at 3:50 , is n't peppermint a beta agonist ?
0 am i wrong or right ?
0 what if or has anyone sucessfully used both pollock and rothko into there works ?
0 what if pollock had experimented with turpintine burns through his dripp time ?
0 is that still it 's own thing , or can it be subsumed by one of the four categories mentioned here ?
0 is it similar to it or what ?
0 how did he figure that out ?
1 what is the exact definition of thermal radiation ?
1 at 1:56 , why does the wire look bigger at the end that was heated than the cold end ?
1 i have a normal camera , and i was wondering if a normal camera picks up on thermal radiation ?
1 how does water transfer electricity from 1 wire to another in the solid state ?
0 which of these is actual movement of particles ?
0 is there a link to the experimental results ?
0 though this is n't a link to the data , here is a link to a clip from the movie `` the matrix '' , https : //www.youtube.com/watch ?
0 when did he each made a almanak ?
1 who is deborah 's mother ?
1 what 's the point of knowinng acceleration , if acceleration is constant due to gravity ?
1 sir is each deformer adjusted manually or it can be programmed ?
0 at 1:48 , how do they add and animate hair on his face ?
1 is the programing software used blender or maya ?
1 do you think i have to learn to draw better in order to write better stories ?
1 does every story come from a personal experience ?
0 christine lester xd who else is a fan ( phan ) of dan and phil ?
1 where does a photograph ends and a photoillustration stars ?
0 so would this apply to people with asperger 's syndrome ?
1 so , this is a bit of an odd question but if you eat moldy bread , will it kill the bacteria in your mouth ?
0 so these videos dont produce any sound right ?
1 also , what is the most dangerous mold or mycotoxin exposure to humans in a water damaged home or building with subsequent visible mold ?
1 how long does it take to kill the bacterias in the experiment ?
0 can we call this the iron man fallacy ?
0 at 0:20 does anyone else hear the lord of the rings theme from rohan ?
1 at the beginning of the video , where b and c are at the first measure played by the strings , i 've heard of versions of playing them `` titititita '' , is that a problem or we just could n't interpret the thought of dvorak ?
1 are primers also found in vivo ?
0 how is this determined if the event has not happened yet ?
1 a few questions : -when/where was the industrial revolution ?
0 is this part of the intent of this genre ?
1 is there ( or can there be ) a relationship between external and internal character details ?
0 do we have to watch these ?
1 has nasa sent out any more viking missions or was it just those two ?
0 what space suites will they where on mars ?
0 and why do they need 2 shuttles ?
0 question to start a story ?
0 one of my picks is pink floyds the wall ( which is a coherent story ) - what if you suceed in suppressing your emotions ?
0 what if people in your dream 'knew ' that you were the host of their entire universe , thus work in every way possible to prevent you from realizing and waking up ?
0 grosse pointe blank - what if a highschool loner who graduated and became a morally flexible hired gun began regretting his decisions and wanted to rediscover who he really was ?
0 what if people cared about complete strangers instead of thinking of themselves all the time ?
0 ( aka all their friends getting killed ) 3. what if there was a boy who befriended a dragon , in a community that killed and hated dragons ?
0 what if humans were created as a science project from a middle school kid part of a species that used to live on earth , as a science project that he got a c on , and we ended up being thrown away in a wasteland , and we kept reproducing and ended up killing the species ?
0 what if scientists brought dinosaurs back to life and opened up a park ?
0 what if a beautiful magical singing creature left all its essence in the name of love ?
1 incredibles what would sonic 's childhood look like ?
0 what if , the bad guys werent the bad guys ?
1 so in the mouth there are no enzymes to digest proteins ?
1 what is the gall bladder good for besides storing bile ?
0 i 've heard that a lot of people chose to remove it early on even if it was n't causing any problems , so why would they do so unless , i quote -- it 's basically useless until it starts causing problems ?
0 they might be pretty stupid , apologies in advance xd so first , what is the difference in the functions that the jujenum and the ileum perform ?
1 or does the rendering equation govern how to trace rays ?
0 what if there were different dimensions/ universes and each time you go to sleep , and dream , you are sliding into your body in a different dimension ?
1 about how long does it take to make a pixar update in the editing part ?
1 is this still a tradition that continues forward at pixar ?
0 not related but where is pixar at ?
0 what is the use of this lesson `` pixar in a box '' ?
1 how long does it take to draw all those pictures ?
0 or was that only the earlier movies ?
0 i was wondering is this the start of it ?
1 and also how many pictures or frames does it take to make one hour long movie ?
0 what variations did you use ?
0 does everyone collaborate with each other ?
0 can anyone help me as i want a course that teaches the components of computer like what is a ram and why it is used and it functions ?
1 how can we start animation ?
0 what will i learn from this program ?
1 are tours of pixar possible ?
0 what 's at 4:20 in the video ?
0 is this an appropriate question ?
1 how hard is it to make a animation ?
0 why i just can not open the video ?
0 are we going to learn computering in this lesson ?
1 how much lights are in a movie ?
1 how can we animate on 3d ?
0 would it be worth it to study for a specific job , instead of taking certain classes for the broad subject of animating ?
0 what is khan academy mostly about ?
0 how can i send an idea to pixar ?
1 what if a character is more matured by the beginning of the story-and knows their needs vs their wants- , would you classify them as a support because of their knowledge ?
0 when he 's too much of a mary sue , will you 'll have to go back and re-write everything ?
0 what does a character want to happen , vs what they need to happen in a story ?
1 can someone please differentiate and clarify the differences between these two informal fallacies ?
0 did khan academy replace this video with another video or edit the dialogue ?
1 how did the rocks get on earth ?
1 what was the first civilization ?
0 whats the point to scientists of making up evolution ?
0 do psychologists ever do experiments on people who are not college students ?
0 what are some ways to get inspiration ?
0 like if you had a bad day or had an argument with your best friend , you would make up a character , put them into a similar life as you and then put them through different scenarios that are similar to what you went through ?
0 have you ever seen a cat wearing a hat down by the bay ?
0 at 0:45 , do you guys have `` standards '' ?
0 at 2:06 , is that just an article or a whole book ?
1 when an object moves , its origin does n't move with it ?
0 what age is the math for ?
1 will the power of the five cents run out and will it also run out if mixed with normal water because the salt has been washed out ?
1 who is `` hans hillewaert '' ?
1 at 3:00 -ish , what about water droplets at exactly 90 degrees ?
1 what is the force that holds a droplet on a roof or ceiling ?
1 how come the water grows on the beetles back does it have some kind of chemical ?
0 at 6:21 , the transcript says theta a , but she says theta e , is this a typo or just a mistake ?
0 what happens if it 's 90 degrees exactly ?
1 can you use a kind of microscope to see the contact angles ?
1 at 2:32 , why is a long beam bridge way weaker than the short one ?
1 what exactly are the purple gloves ?
1 i thought of this question beacause i have found out in yorkshire , scotland there beam bridge has fallen down and so they have had to reapair it so what was the force of that ?
1 at 1:25 , why are purple gloves needed ?
1 if the star collapses once it has used up it 's hydrogen fuel or helium fuel or carbon fuel ... etc , how does that element exist in the star ?
0 should n't of been all fused/burned ?
0 how much of each element fuses into the next ?
1 do you get these videos of the internet or do you ask pixar to do these videos ?
1 what made the people who work at pixar want to make the good dinosaur ?
1 who is this guy with the idea of a demon on the shoulder ?
1 oh and what is this system thats suddenly introduced near the end ?
0 by what sequence of events ?
1 also : why does n't the mucins keep the viruses moving too ?
0 could n't they grab those handholds too ?
0 how long would this take in like work days ?
1 at 3:08 why is spot 's family 's hair all white , and his is brown ?
0 what kind of animation program do they use ?
0 what do they mean 'doodling is your friend ' ?
0 are n't they both right though ?
1 but how does rupert know that if he can convince himself , things will go smoothly ?
0 how does it do this ?
1 what is the equivalent of these materials in batteries we use in our daily lives like those found in remote controls , phones , or cars ?
0 where can i get copper without buying it ?
0 it can only move around when it has bits to move through ?
1 what is the yellow liquid ?
1 is it ever possible to run out of electrons ?
1 what is the wire connecting the zinc and the copper made of ?
1 if batteries are made with zinc and copper , then how is it possible to make batteries with other metals , as volta said in 7:16 ?
1 why , to make a battery , you need something salty or sour ?
0 how would alessandro ever tell a tale like that ?
1 if you touched the frog 's leg with the pinchers , would you get electrocuted ?
1 did luigi really think the frog was the source of electricity ?
1 does the charge in the metals stay the same after the electric current has passed through the wire , the frog , again the wire and back to zinc ?
1 is there a pair of metals that , once the electrons run out of one and into the other , could still create power doing the process in reverse ?
0 why do they use an etch a sketch instead of a laser cutter this time ?
1 will the battery be more efficient if the metals had 3 or 5 valence electrons ?
0 where did it spent its 2 electrons ?
1 at 4:15 how many electrons got to share each day ?
0 because he probably wanted diversity in the room of sculptures , ya know ?
0 can someone give me an example of this ?
0 my second question , how would the three theories apply to this situation ?
0 so other than introducing a new concept to delay criticism , what is the definition of person that locke uses ?
0 did she do this nude ?
0 not in the sense of paying mortgage and taxes , of course , but in the sense of your home ?
1 when we are saying a or b is theseus ' ship , are we talking about ownership ?
0 what if the problem has no answer because the question is nonsensical ?
0 when does it become a pile ?
0 if he were to captain any ship , would that then become the ship of theseus ?
1 is there some other value system used to determine that this is indeed the ship of theseus ?
1 have you ever seen these jackson pollock-inspired websites ?
0 does that trigger the reflex ?
1 is it possible that one virus imitates another 's shell but needs to be destroyed in a different way by the immune system , thus neutralizing the power of the immune system ?
0 what are the hours like for an animator in this position ?
0 do you plan on doing more on this topic , and is there another program i can use to do more of this sort of thing ?
1 why do things sometimes have specific patterns ?
0 a shading artist or specifically a shading artist at pixar ?
1 how long ( estimated ) would it take to create a pattern ?
1 are bezier curves generated using the concept of parabolic arcs introduced in the previous sections ?
1 can the average and split go on forever or will it stop at a point ?
1 is the inscription in latin ?
0 but does n't that jangling sound , at 0:30 have meaning ?
0 are the two approaches mutually exclusive ?
0 `` , but rather `` what gives words/sounds meaning ?
0 is there like an opposite character arc where the character starts off great and then make bad decision and turns off worse than what he was before ?
0 i noticed that all the artists have sone kind of talen with visual arts like drawing or computer animation.i love telling stories but i have no talent with drawing whatsoever can i still be apart of story telling as it relates to animation if i can not draw or paint or anything ?
0 and tell the story properly ?
1 talking about putting your own life into the story , how can we make it universal ?
1 what is a negative and a positive feedback in homeostasis ?
1 since cold-blooded animals do not have homeostasis , what happens if a cold-blooded animal such a snake gets too hot or too cold ?
1 suppose if i have a serious burn in my hand and also causes pain , will my body temperature will change or not ?
0 would you do the same thing ?
1 if gamuts prevent devices from producing some colors , how is the complete cie chromaticity diagram shown in this video ?
1 if no device can produce pure red , green and blue ; then how does the full color of the cie diagram show the complete range on the video in the lessons ?
1 why is this different from the pinhole camera exercise in which all the light rays were angled into the pinhole/aperture ?
1 from : praneet srivastava ( https : //physics.stackexchange.com/users/68645/praneet-srivastava ) , why do we assume that rays from infinity are parallel ?
1 is the big bang really true or is it just a theory ?
1 what is color to you ?
1 what does it mean 'so the light is out in the real world ' ?
1 what was the first movie you worked on in pixar ?
1 what was the number and composition of the population surveyed ?
1 does this ever harm the statue beyond repair ?
0 how about expressing emotions and livelihood ?
0 why did he decide to be a writer for the newspaper ?
0 if so , were the known all through massachusetts , or just in a couple of states ?
1 will all the cultures merge into one big culture , due to the fading genetic distinctions ?
0 `` ... in the next video '' -- where is the next video ?
0 by development , does she mean physical development or mental development ?
1 ask a question ... does anyone know how many mosaics there are ?
1 when will the pivot point change ?
0 why are they called translate deformers ?
1 why do animators construct bezier curves using four points ?
0 is n't it called de casteljau 's algorithm , and not castlejau 's ?
0 what link was he talking about ?
0 i can not find what i thought i heard as described a 'clode ' ?
0 why wo n't multiple video 's work ?
0 i can hardly believe that an entire image is created on the wall that represents the outside instead of just a small light beam ?
0 so what is your job called ?
1 how long did early humans take to migrate from sibria to alaska ?
1 why did sea levels drop during the ice age ?
0 is it even something worth saying ?
0 at 4:20 , what is the painting to the left of the rothko painting ?
1 i am a little confused why discussing the nature of our language is relative to philosophy , and do the same maxims apply to the written language ?
0 they want to give and receive information ... '' while the screen displayed the word `` receive '' being spelled incorrectly as `` recieve '' ?
0 how can i get a bouncing sound to play ?
0 ~2:18 - `` good taste is the last refuge of the unimaginative '' - does he mean that people who like the ancient masters are unimaginative ?
1 even if a person is trained to identify the situations in witch each of the biases occur they ca n't be avoided ?
1 is there a way to scale only part of the model , without affecting the whole thing ?
0 can i work at pixar ?
0 i am completing my major in computer science now , where would someone get the knowledge to work on programs to be used for animation like what hayley is doing ?
0 are there any pieces of this used for solo competition ?
0 was this song included in fantasia 2000 ?
0 at 4:10 what happened to the horns ?
1 anyone can visit the archives ?
0 whilst the antagonist has to be opposed to the protagonist do you really have to hate them ?
0 hi there - to the people in charge ... did n't there used to be worksheets on microsoft word that you could download ?
0 i write science fiction stories in marathi ( my mother tongue ) , and i want to spread it to people through internet but i have fear that if i publish them on my blog or anywhere online then they 'll be plagiarized or copied by other people so what should i do ?
1 what does it take to publish a book ?
0 what would happen to your body ?
1 so.. even if there is a device that can produce pure red , green and blue , it still can not produce all colors because the cie chromaticity diagram is not a perfect triangle ?
1 also , we might think of different species ( or even humans with color-blindness or tetrachromaticity ) as having eyes with different gamuts , right ?
0 who makes all these cool software ?
1 for the practice with camera lenses , why did the 120mm sense have a wider aperture ?
1 if the whole scene is in focus , will all the rays be parallel ?
1 why is the piece often labeled as symphony # 5 and symphony # 9 ?
1 how uncommon was it for composers to use uncharacteristic registers for instruments , such as the way dvořák uses the low flute melody in this piece ?
1 i mean that if that mass was infinitely dense and it had enough gravity to overcome the forces of repulsion between the particles then why did it inflate ?
0 also , on the challenge exercises , the colours that match are not the same as what is in the database as `` same '' , or is that just me ?
0 can anyone actually see the two rings as the same color , once the other rings go away of course ?
1 how many different hues are there in the color spectrum ?
0 is it pointing out the shades of color or something else ?
1 how does color blindness affect the perception of a color ?
1 in other words , what do color blind people see ?
1 is there a way to invent something that can analyze a color and tell us its coordinates ?
0 i have three children ... do they each need a separate account , please ?
1 it takes 30-50 % of our brain power to process what our eyes see , but what about blind people ?
0 i know this was way before his time , but is it possible this was an early influence ?
0 could you animate a ball flying in the air ?
1 did ben franklin pioneer the idea of the separation of church and state or was he reiterating someone else 's philosophy ?
0 did he leave them on the doorstep of the printing shop or something ?
0 does anyone know why he picked the name silence dogood ?
1 why did benjamin franklin have to study to be a minister ?
0 why would he use the background that he gave silence dogood ?
1 with the family issues ben franklin encountered , would it be safe to say , that if he was a 21 century child he would be diagnosed with autism ?
1 at 3:28 , why is the sun 's rays seperated and we feel it less ?
0 would there only be one ?
1 obviously color is a great descriptive tool frequently used in any script , but at what point can describing locations and characters in detail become `` directing on the page '' for an animated script ?
1 if milk can come out one way ca n't other things like water go in ?
0 what would happen if they do something ?
1 is possible for men to have breast cancer ?
1 is there such a thing as 'over nutrition ' or excess nutrition , and would that be what we 're seeing in the usa right now ?
1 can genes be thus a cause of malnutrition ?
1 is there anywhere in the world where it is still normal to lay mosaic floors in new buildings ?
0 could you please be more clear ?
1 do you use coding to create images in movies ?
1 alright this is probably a stupid question for any of you who are a pro at this but ... ... ... how much math goes into each single blade of grass , leaf , bark , dirt speck , and rock ?
0 i have a really good time looking at art museums i think that is really cool ad it keep my mind thinking ?
1 what is a parabolic arc ?
1 do you know about how many parabolic curves are used to make the field of grass in the scene from brave at about 0.32 in the video ?
1 it was mentioned that the black box in the painting might have been this tool which minimizes color ?
1 my only question is , what are the black things in the celadon pot in the blue stripe on the left ?
1 at 0:30 he says and maybe this is a castle that it 's been too boring , so they 've got to hire a dragon to come attack them why would they want to attack themselves ?
0 what about black things which are non-ravens ?
0 i 'm not certain , but i feel like either there is something missing in the explanation or we 're missing the sense that this is supposed to disprove the truth of the statement , instead proving confirmation bias ?
1 what does `` aperture '' mean ?
1 why we need pinhole camera in day to day life ?
1 how do you make the cat or make the commands ?
0 creating platformers , collision sensing , etc ... ) ?
1 is there an ice age everyday ?
0 what did they eat in the harsh climate ?
0 how did they learn those languages , did someone just make them up and say this is what we are going to speak or what ?
0 what is the `` last video '' that the instructor keeps referring to ( 4:33 , for example ) ?
1 i 'm eating about 1000cal a day ... does n't fruit get fat ?
0 so would this have been caused by poor quality of the air , or the different air particles ... ?
1 do people without asthma not have alpha 1 receptors ?
1 if histamine is the main cause for the swelling , would common otc allergy drugs containing antihistamine work during asthma attacks or just in general ?
0 also can it be synthesised by any cell in the body in response to an allergic reaction ?
0 if it 's true how does that happen ?
0 do students still have access to this class ?
1 what is the opposite of ad hominem ?
1 which force provides the acceleration in second law of motion ?
0 do i understand that correctly for the most part ?
1 how can radiation give you cancer ?
1 what is dynamic equilibrium mean ?
0 i have a question that is n't really on topic : what would happen , if bundled c4 was attached to the sun in massive amounts ?
1 when the same amount of heat is supplied to different substances of different states , why is there a difference in expansion ?
1 why is that heat transfers from high to low temperature ?
1 what is the difference between conduction and convection ?
1 what happens to thermal energy ( heat ) once it is released into space ?
1 how much does such a thero-camera cost ?
1 and then , hot water was added in container a , tap water was added with container b and another cold water is added in container c. which is the coldest and which is the hottest ?
1 why does the blue on the thermal camera mean hot instead of cold ?
1 if in fact we are in a machine then to some reality should n't some one or something be running this machine ?
1 one that i thought of is : what use am i to other people when i am lying in a vat of water with a tube in my head ?
1 so , the whole point about experimental philosophy is not to examine individuals ' ordinary thoughts , but to figure out their personal worlds in their minds , right ?
1 other then being a printer what is ben franklin most popular for ?
1 was there a specific reason why ben franklin name the almanac `` poor richard '' ?
0 i need a real answer to this question ... ..who wants to teach me how to make friends and who would like to help me save up for a life ?
0 how do i turn off restricted mode ?
1 so , does interpolation have something to do with rigging and deformers ?
1 there are some questions i need to ask , because i find your video really confusing : 1 ) how is it possible that the the necessary being is god while none of the premises implies or points out that god is a necessary being ?
0 is this not a fallacy of composition ?
1 does the creation of particle/anti-particle pairs violate the `` nothing can come out of nothing '' claim ?
1 why do we assume that the universe itself is contingent instead of allowing for it to be necessary ?
1 how are we certain that `` i think , therefore , i am '' is n't just the interference of an evil demon ?
0 how would you modify the setting and characters ?
0 why does it say story arist ?
1 1:40 how do you determine what is obvious ?
0 why do you think they are not sufficient ?
1 so , an implicit premise is a literally obviously true statement or thought that society , as a whole , accepts without needs for debates ?
1 on the topic of casein house paint- is house paint really made with milk protein ?
1 my question to everyone would be what really makes us ourselves , is it our experiences or our beliefs ?
1 how did mold from flemmings ' sandwich fall in his petri dish , was he eating it while studying germs ?
1 how does the bread mold kill bacteria if the bread mold is the as bacteria ?
1 so is it ok to eat moldy bread then ?
1 is it possible that the penicillin secreted by bread mold to some degree kills the mold itself ?
0 can u get most of this stuff at radio shack ?
0 why has n't this instructor cut his fingernails ?
1 how many light sources are there in a frame on average ?
0 can you defend your original claim with a second claim that is much harder to refute than your original claim ?
1 2:38 -can straw man fallacies be made against any type of argument ?
0 like he 's not wanting to leave the place ?
1 is n't `` i got sick anyway '' and `` the shot made me sick '' the same ?
1 -who profited the most from the industrial revolution ?
0 that is mainly because of rapid industrialization..people who were ready to take up jobs related to industrialization were aid high wages and also people would ask themselves why become farmers when they can be paid better with other jobs ?
1 what happen during industrial revolution ?
1 and secondly , would n't one be concerned about ruining a painting by cleaning it ?
1 what makes a spoiled and insecure personality ( dialogue , actions ) ?
1 what 's the difference between an internal and external features in a person or idea ?
1 is n't venus the most similar planet of earth ?
0 do you think it will ever work ?
1 how could a volcano be erupting when there is no air ?
1 just because there was no natural material it does n't mean people ca n't live there , right ?
0 with the head to tail method , how can you add the two ?
1 what is the solution for vector ?
1 inside out : what if our emotions were really little people in our heads ?
1 descendants : what if the biggest disney villains had children who became good ?
1 what if all your favorite characters were real and needed help saving their individual worlds ?
1 what if king arthur fought a magic king ?
1 the incredibles : what if a superhero family had to fit into normal life ?
0 what if there was a vet for dragons who helped them when they were sick , and fought for their survival ?
0 ( your name ) what if underneath the earth there was a realm of knowledge and treasure ?
0 the care bears movie : what if there were rainbow colored bears who want to help people ?
0 -what if our emotions were controlled by little people in our head ?
0 2. what if merida 's mother had to be a bear for the rest of her life ?
0 so here it goes those 3 what if 's what if gru had given back to the adoption center after getting the shtinking ray ?
0 what if supervillians got together to save the world ?
0 what if he works hard and forms his own multimillion dollar brokerage firm ?
0 the westing game : what if a wealthy millionaire invited sixteen people to play a game in his will with an insane inheritance as the prize to whoever solves the puzzle ?
0 jimmy neutron boy genius : what if an army of 10 year old kids could defeat an army of space aliens and rescue their parents ?
0 further , can that status be taken away ( by say engaging in the kind of artistic charlatanism so evident in this piece ) ?
1 does fat make you fat or is it something else ?
1 are the enterocytes throughout the small intestine or just in the ileum ?
0 is rendering done by hand ?
0 can you sent me procedure of , who to build a software ?
1 what would happen if our world just become one big movie ?
1 what if pixar did n't make films that we know today would they be doing something different ?
0 is this the current speed or is it steadily increasing now that we have super computers and enormous processing power ?
1 which level of drawing does a story artist need to approach ?
0 what is this assacly going to show me ?
0 do you happen to know what programs the blizzard cinematic team might use ?
0 why is n't there an active transcript ?
1 can one person develop/produce an animation film ?
0 is this whole course suitable for someone who is a total beginner ?
0 are you ever going to make a dragonfly movie ?
1 what program/interface are we going to be using ?
1 how do people add lights ?
0 every single piece of fur ?
1 also how long does it take to make one movie ?
1 hello..hi can you tell me what kind of courses or skills needed to enter into the animation field ... ?
1 how long does it take to animate movie and finishing it ?
1 why is pixar called pixar and also how do you write an animation to make a character move ?
1 do they employ programming to animate the movie characters ( or ) objects ?
1 could you suggest what are the prerequisites to a writing career in the film industry ?
0 can you guys teach us about animation or do we have to pay for an actual animation college ?
0 what do you not get about it ?
0 is there going to be a lesson about the music process that pixar faces for there films ?
0 any idea 's on how you get that career ?
0 where did you get all those shirts ?
0 is it better to high fps or low ?
0 i think that there is an answer in this site , but i do n't have the time ... you see , i only have an hour to use our computer so another question , is there any mobile app for this so i can study anytime ?
0 what is the video about ?
0 did any one notice the women was dressed like the girl in brave , one of pixar 's newest and not surprisingly successful movie ?
0 i will be attending college in fall of 2016 i want to be a animator for pixar , i ill be majoring in studio art , is that enough to be a animator ?
0 where do they make all these jobs ?
0 : d. they just make the characters act like in the reality or something else ?
0 fran might say if alex did n't hold his sweat why are you freaking sweating so much ?
1 should n't need drive the character ?
1 what happens when you realize the character does n't need to realize anything ?
0 are you going to be explaining other fallacies ?
1 do hunters and gatherers still exist today ?
1 around what time were dogs being domesticated and what purpose did they serve to the humans at that time ?
1 at 0:30 seconds how did the barriers vanish ?
0 was it just the frame and some pictures ?
0 at 2:35 he has mentioned that the cost for recreating the fabric far exceeded their estimate '' so my question is what was their estimate and how much did it exceeded.moreover how much time did the total recreation of the bed took ?
0 how can i improve this ?
0 any tips on how to write original stories ?
0 does this happen with you guys at pixar ?
0 do they use powerful computers ?
0 in the video toward the end , he says to play with the `` interactive '' , but i ca n't see how you do that ?
1 what other metals can you use in replacement of zinc and/or copper ?
0 can some one help me on this ?
1 where do you get the materials for building the bridge ?
0 at 1:25 , was that a 3-d printer ?
1 what is the worlds longest arch bridge ?
1 what is your speed with respect to the earth ?
1 or salt water is causing bridges near the ocean is corroding them ?
1 if a single arch makes the bridge break at 100 lbs and muti-arch bridges are much stronger , then how come not all bridges that span a long distance are multi-arch bridges ?
0 i wonder if just for all people , should we use our imagination completely or to use ideas from other books , audiobooks , and videos , or both ?
1 is it possible that the milky way was originally giant megastar that supernovaed and created all the stars and planets in our galaxy ?
0 under what subcategory would this come under here on khan academy ?
1 how do you do the modeling of a character and the color of the character ?
1 but is it the belief that science can prove us everything or that everything that can be proven could be by science ?
0 why is he talking about his elementary school experience ?
0 for their work to be chosen to be played by an orchestra and therefore transferred to the ears of a listening audience ?
1 with the information about the sensor , could n't i say that if i switch my bulb on or off , that my prediction is the opposite of how i switched my bulb ( on or off ) ?
0 but there is another question concerning the cause of events : to what end ?
1 could the matter 'outside ' the universe be exotic mater ?
1 there seem to be three viruses ( with the 6-sided head and spiderlike legs ) and 2 bacteria ( ellipses with the tail , or are these immune cells ?
1 does the size of one of the sites depend on the distance between it to others ?
1 what does voronoi partition mean ?
0 namely , the will not to believe ?
0 but if i make that decision does that not allready mean that i really no longer belive the ship is seaworthy ?
1 even if you have no evidence of god existing you still can not know he does n't exist , until you die right ?
1 when zinc runs out of electrons and all the dogs are in the ocean , is that when the battery dies ?
0 could mit make more physics videos ?
0 why are n't other metals used ?
0 if that is possible and if it 's not possible why not ?
1 in 4:21 , why are the metals like people ?
1 and would alloy vs pure element affect how well it works in a battery ?
1 what happens when zinc runs of dog ions ?
0 was this by accident or was he already working on interactions between different metals ?
0 would n't the wire between them allow them to trade electrons just fine ?
0 could this still even work when creating a youtube roleplay series in certain games ?
0 is it related to the bezier curves in js ?
1 the light in the exhibit they showed at 1:25 seems a bit yellowish , is that a factor ?
1 is there a way to scale only arm1 without scaling the rest ?
0 ca n't they use examples from nature ?
0 what does he mean when he says the strings are playing arco at 2:30 ?
0 but do you think i could find a simplified version for a middle school orchestra ?
0 literally joe public with an interest in art right off the street ?
0 what drove him to do this ?
0 what did you think about that ?
1 what kind of obstacle does a character have to face in a story , to raise conflict ?
1 should we discourage our friends from saying `` valid '' in the colloquial sense ?
1 does your story have to have an antagonist ?
0 how do i reframe this question ?
0 i´m an advertising man and i have only a couple of minutes , in a best scenario , to tell a good history , what do you recomend to do for develope strong insights ?
1 how do i start writing my story ?
0 and i know that the story wont b perfect from in the first time , but what if ?
0 but i swear valerie is the model inspiration for joy of `` inside/out '' -- true ?
0 so like write a story but with something that happend in your life ?
1 what year was the 440th machine war ?
0 does it mean a preparation for a shift to another theme ?
0 at 32 seconds why does it look like there are 2 swirly neon eyes ?
1 to be a pixar animation artist , do you have to have a college education and/or certain degrees ?
1 so , if the red green or blue value can go up to 100 , does that mean there are 1 million colours we can see because 100x100x100= 1 million ?
1 i 'm confused about why `` confidence '' is a criteria for `` knowledge-that '' ?
1 how can we get government agencies , for example , those who deal with the homeless , the unemployed and prison inmates to think out of the box to improve in a leap like apple made over sony and to avoid the traps of unions , not-in-my-back-yard thinking and outdated and outmoded concepts ?
0 or is the difference in distance so minimal that it can be ignored ?
1 why is the earth tilted at a 23.5 degrees angle ?
0 when the lizzie choi spoke , she sounded like orwell 's 1984 has finally come to fruition 'everyone is watching your progress ' , anyone else get that vibe ?
0 so what 's your question ?
0 is there a porpose to the art ?
1 how is racism justified if we all come from the same ancestors ?
1 at what point do you realize you 're putting too much effort into your sketches for scenes ?
1 as a screenwriter , when writing for animation , when is it appropriate to use language and descriptions to influence how a storyboard of the scene may look ?
1 if a woman has breast cancer , but has a baby , will she be unable to breastfeed her baby ?
1 why is blended learning only personalized ?
0 is n't it supposed to be where students get a deep , advanced curricular type of learning ?
0 does this work for illustrating books as well or do you use some different techniques ?
1 those figures looked like animal shapes.if they are , what are they ?
1 during this era did artists get busted while they were alive for using fake dates ?
1 what is the title and maker of the painting at 1:03 ?
0 could someone let me know about more info/literature on this ?
1 so a castlejau 's alogrithm is just another way to make a curve ?
0 what kind of program is this ?
0 does anyone know when the next lesson will be ?
0 like , where does this take place ?
0 what 's the code for google classroom ?
0 what 's this about again ?
1 if the image is flipped on the film using a pinhole camera a ) how could you flip it again to create a right-side up image and b ) how do cameras do that ( the righting of the final image ) ?
0 that is what i searched , but this was the the first one , are there any that say how to do that ?
1 what is the most popular theory for homo sapiens crossing from indonesia to australia ?
1 if our species is genetically different then why are n't the variations of us not a different species ?
0 1:42 - `` mystery '' being a goal in and of itself - what makes trying to figure out how someone did something qualify that something as a `` work of art '' ?
1 why does the artist restrict himself to surfaces with four corners and four sides ?
0 is n't 2500cal too much ?
1 is adipose tissue equal to excess fat in our body ?
1 i am having a hard time understanding this time frame and how all of this can fit into the age of the universe ?
0 why did n't the elements form right from the beginning ?
0 roughly , how fast did his stock photo propagate to the numerous sites ?
1 if you 're asthmatic , why is your weight such a big factor in keeping your asthma under control ?
1 what is the difference between smooth muscle and normal muscle ?
0 is this caused because my brother has cells that contain histamine ( 0:55 ) , or perhaps too much mucus ?
0 does that mean that excessive mucus must be taken out ?
0 the only thing is what about when something gets into the airway of a normall person ?
0 could you stop asking people to move to tip and thanks ?
0 is it normal to struggle with this stuff ?
1 is n't the flame only 200 degrees celsius , not 2000 ?
1 is water a conductor of heat ?
1 is n't evaporation a type of heat transfer ?
0 how much heat does she lose from breathing during 20.0 minutes of jogging if the air in her lungs is heated to her body temperature of 37.0°c before it is exhaled ?
1 i 'm confused , is light blue hot or is red hot and what color is cold ?
0 i mean @ 2:44 they 've even got agent smith , oops sorry , mr. smith , and your supposed to choose between the blue pill and waking in your own bed believing whatever you want to believe , or the red pill and seeing just how deep this rabbit hole really goes , and here 's a link to that clip https : //www.youtube.com/watch ?
0 the thoughts are already in my head so it ca n't be my ears listening , so who or what is ?
0 i mean that seems kind of cruel , does it not ?
0 why didnt he wan na remain an aprintace ?
1 speed is distance upon time , right ?
0 are there 4 of these ?
0 towards the end of the video , he talks about the technology previously not existing to do this kind of thing - did he drive the development of this technology in any way , or just consume it once it was developed ?
1 what is the real difference between machanical and living ?
0 has to exist for what ?
1 b ) since when is people finding something `` hard to give up '' a good argument for eliminating that possibility ?
1 how do you express what your memories make you feel onto paper , or out loud ?
0 can you guys start doing creative writing so like if you guys can give us a story to read or make a story video i mean you guys can a read a story book for us ?
1 0:45 mhhh ; ) if i have an open wound , that is infected by deathly bacterias , should i rub it with bread mold to get healthy ?
1 how come the bacteria by the mold are n't dead ?
1 if mold helps kill bacteria , can you get better if you eat it while you are sick ?
0 is this different than normal lights ?
1 `` c. difficile is a bacterium that kills 14,000 americans a year '' ( 04:09 ) is c. difficile a 'normal ' member of health gut bacteria that just grew out of control in those 14,000 cases , or are they a 'foreign ' bacteria that 'invaded ' those 14,000 people 's guts leading to their deaths ?
1 would it be indirect illumination if you had an i-pad and the light coming from it was hitting you ?
0 would this qualify as a straw man ?
0 does it give the same protection ?
0 or is this all the videos pixar and ka are going to make ?
1 what do people at pixar think of there characters in past movies ?
1 why is all the hype centered around colonizing mars when colonizing the atmosphere of venus ( with programs such as nasa 's havoc ) is theoretically more plausible ?
1 how much did the viking mission cost ?
1 why did the viking mission end ?
1 what happened to the orbiters and the landers ?
1 will the viking spaceship go back to mars ?
0 and all that 's left is some volcanoes & canals ?
0 normal rural or maybe technological life ?
0 where is the link to the vektors he mentioned ?
0 what if giant talking creatures live underground and we made friends with them ?
0 what if ... the bad guys win ?
0 what if super heroes did exist , only they got their powers from god ?
0 what if a country girl starts swapping bodies with a tokyo boy ?
0 what if he wants to be hero but his inner demons are dominating somehow ?
0 2. what if the main character never found his friend again ?
0 cars 2 : what if we made a james bond riff ?
0 -what if a dog had more than one life ?
0 3. mulan - what if a girl went off to war pretending to be a guy in china ?
0 pursuit to happyness : what if a homeless dad takes care of his boy , and manage to get a decent job ?
0 what if a girl gets trapped in a world of gods and she has to find a way to save her parents ?
0 what if i would wake up every morning in different bodies and persons , but with a same scenarios in their lives ?
0 what if the world was a simulation/game/imaginary ?
0 what if a viking decided to train dragons rather than kill them ?
0 what if ... the 'protagonist 'was fighting for the wrong side because he does n't understand whats going on ?
0 do n't they just dissociate into their amino acid , fatty acid and simple sugar parts ?
1 however , this graphic shows standard mbss as having tranches and the cdos actually being a repackaged version of the lower tranches of mbss ; is this something that sal forgot to mention ?
0 it has full faith & credit and gold medallion signature garunteed of 2m ?
1 so what the hedge funds bought really is n't insurance , is it ?
1 why are these side bets allowed ?
1 who came up with that side bet idea , and when did it started to happen ?
1 did the aig 's and other cds writers take out re-insurance on their obligations ?
1 does a bank selling its mortgages to an investment bank required by its regulator to risk rate the mortgages for the purchaser ?
1 so in a perfect scenario , investors would get back their full capital ( from writers ) and potentially a little more ( from their debt recovery efforts ) ?
1 what happens if the company goes bankrupt ?
1 he provides me stock from other people , but that people also think that the price will fall so they say to the broker to sell all the actions ... what would the broker do in that case ?
1 what is time limit for return back of those borrowed stocks ?
1 ( 1 ) does the borrowing cost of shares for short selling vary with company/broker ?
1 for example , if i am short 100 shares of stock xyz and at some point in time the board of directors announces they are going to do 2 to 1 stock split , am i now required to return 200 shares at ( presumably ) a lower price ?
1 how does one go about `` borrowing '' a stock from a shareholder ?
1 if i buy stock through a broker , could i put stipulations on how my stock is used ?
1 and is there a limit to the amount of stocks a broker will lend ?
0 i onderstaand the concept , however , i wonder if the broker would n't get paid some percentage of my $ 50 ?
0 would/could this lead to a loss of liquidity for the original stock owner ?
1 should n't the broker take my permission first before borrowing my stock to the speculator ?
1 what is the average rate to `` rent '' the stock , when shorting ?
1 if he sold the $ 100 stock to the market and ibm said they want to give all shareholders a $ 5 dividend , would n't sal make a $ 45 dollar profit since he had to pay the dividend back to the original shareholder he borrowed from ?
0 maybe to really calculate this we have to get into a discussion of margin accounts and how much the investor had to put up to get access to this trade ?
0 from what i gather , separating them out into tranches would also make them more affordable instead of buying a mbs itself ?
1 what benefits does the side bets bring to the economy that would justify those laws being passed ?
0 do they have any obligations to only enter into regulated instruments ?
1 investors could ask insurance corporation to give insurance premiums against a company and insurance corporation would surely give them insurance without taking into account the ratings of those companies ?
0 what would happen if they wanted to vote at a shareholder meeting ?
0 when i borrowed share and holding it which is not mine but also when the shareholder are not promised money back ?
1 how long of a period can someone burrow the stock they want to short and how are the costs of burrowing a stock determined ?
0 is this a percentage or flat rate , how does that work ?
0 how would i short sell on there ?
0 you can calculate yourself , below chart will give entire price movement of apple on nasdaq http : //in.finance.yahoo.com/echarts ?
0 are you sure all of that is legal ?
1 6:20 okay , so a owes $ 1b to b , b owes $ 1b to c , and c owes $ 1b to a. if company a faces possible insolvency , could company a simply novate itself out of the equation and let c pay $ 1b to b ?
0 granted , i 'm assuming that they all owe each other the same amount of money , and i 'm also assuming that companies b and c would agree to the novation , but would/could such an scenario work ?
1 also , i have quite a funny idea in my mind : if there is , say , an inter-banks loans , why do n't they cancel out each other 's debt ?
1 would have been better for the world economy if the fed had saved lehman brothers ?
1 when sal says , at 7:39 that the fed will give them a billion dollar loan , is he referring to the federal reserve , composed of member banks itself , or the federal government ?
1 at 6:57 , why depreciation cost is n't an explicit cost ?
0 would $ 250,000 * 5 % = $ 12,500 not be an opportunity cost as well ?
1 what is the difference between accounting profit and economic benefit ?
0 what about the loan payment on the $ 2m , or are we to assume that the building was bought for cash the owners just had sitting around ?
0 had been bought with a loan , instead of with owned funds ?
0 if they didnt die at the same time then the child is only entitled to 5m or is it about how the ownership of the funds/property is set up ( in either one parent 's name or both parent 's name- regardless if only one dies ) that determines if their offspring/the persons they left money for are entitled to 5 or 10m exemption ?
1 real interest rates are not necessarily higher than gdp growth , are they ?
0 if there are 2 recipients , are they both exempt the first 5-10 mil ?
1 is n't one way to define value what other people would be willing or able to buy ?
1 is it unreasonable to suggest that a nicer house has more potential to appreciate in value and act as a better hedge against inflation ?
1 why is n't the definition of inflation the creation of money or an increase in the money supply ?
1 inflation , is sal 's view , is not a monetary fenomenon.is it right ?
0 which i guess would mean we should give money ( bailouts ) to poor people to get the economy going , no ?
0 but what if you sell only 50 % of lemonade ?
0 a company having very high cogs will increase the price eventually increase and this way demand will decrease but still there are some situations where people with above situation are earning high than people with less price ?
1 would n't the base consumption ( csub0 ) has come out of the total income ( y ) ?
1 how does the rate at which banks loan each other money effect the economy ?
0 i ca n't figure it out because the fed ca n't make commercial banks borrow ... ... and the fed ca n't just give it to commercial banks to increase their reserves ... ... and nor can the fed give the money to an individual or entity for no reason just so they could put it into their deposit accounts with a commercial bank and therefore increase their reserves ?
0 where would you turn them in ?
1 ( from 5:59 to ~7:00 ) would n't the amount of reserves from the lending back decrease after the loan and then increase once paid back ?
0 demand accounts ( magenta on right ) increase ?
1 libor is just the interest rate that banks lend to each other at correct ?
0 when they buy treasuries to increase the money supply , do they make sure they are buying from us citizens so that money will hopefully be put back into us banks ?
0 any one know a site i can find a countries money supply ?
0 why do they need the fed to print more money sell treasury and go through that whole process ?
0 would this example of accrual accounting or of cash-basis accounting ?
1 following this example , since there is $ 200 marked down as deferred revenue , would that amount be shown on the income statement for month 3 or would you have to wait until you actually do the service the next month ?
1 how do credit card charges show up in cash vs accrual accounting ?
0 should n't the month 3 cash be $ 300 ?
1 will you ever have accounts receivable in cash-basis accounting ?
1 where does the word accrual come from ?
1 why bother with the cash accounting at all ?
0 how do they measure the cpi ?
0 is it a different refining process ?
1 why do credit card companies get a share of money paid ?
1 why are oil prices dropping dramatically ?
1 can you explain the terms 'contango ' and 'backwardation ' ?
1 is the $ 3b newly injected into the company an `` equity infusion '' ?
0 where do those 2.5 billion shares come from ?
0 has there ever been a shortage ?
1 in this video sal has drawn a long term supply curve as per law of supply but in video ( long term supply curve ) the curve is n't a positively sloped line ?
1 what if we run out of crude ?
1 why is n't the crack spread directly related to price of oil ?
1 how exactly is the multiplier connected to fiscal policy ?
1 is the mpc a fixed percentage or does it vary according to income level ?
0 if the mps { marginal propensity to save ) becomes bigger or if the mpc becomes bigger ?
0 hours of sleep ( if hunting 1 rabbit takes a defined amount of time and making one trap takes another defined amount of time ) ?
0 based on your understanding of growth theory and growth accounting , what would you suggest ?
1 so how do you include the interest on the bonds as part of our assets ?
1 what is book value mean ?
0 or is this activity banned in the international market ?
0 what can the government / central bank do ?
1 so what 's the point of purposefull devaluing b ?
0 like america nearly did lol ?
0 is this how computers doing arbitrage works ?
0 they work on currency speculation , as soon as there is the slightest chance of a gain ?
1 in sal 's example does the currency speculator profit because he/she borrows 100 b 's when the exchange rate is 1 b = 1 a rather than buying 100 b 's ?
1 as iran 's rial is falling , could the u.s. and its allies perform such an attack to completely destabilize iran ?
1 why does the standard deduction exist ?
1 taxes do not make sense to me at all why people get taxed anyway ?
1 is the income tax the same as the tax paid to a state ?
0 for example , why would a person in the us want to buy 10 yuan ?
1 how can a country go bankrupt ?
1 is the situation you create in your video the one in which there is excess demand for yuan which leads to person c raising his asking price - less yuan for the same amount of dollar , or same yuan for higher amount of dollar ?
0 who is supply and who is demand in this situation ?
1 what do you mean `` the interest payment in dollars is unchanged so the interest rate falls '' ?
0 if it really is a part of the company , should n't i have a right to actually do something with the company ?
1 what will be the effect , if any , of this increased ecb concern about inflation on the $ /eur spot rate ?
1 what if the crawling peg is not fully credible ?
1 who gets to convert the money and what will happen to the poor soul who ca n't ?
1 is there a cpi for every country ?
1 how do you calculate the inflation ?
0 do we little , enough , a lot ?
0 does he mean that when the supplier/producer increases the price , supply increases ?
0 would n't that be messing up more than just the perfect world of up and down ?
1 at 1:40 , is it supply v , or quantity supply v ?
1 for the oil analogy , there is a fixed amount of oil so it makes sense to not sell it , but if there was an infinite amount of oil , would it just be more profitable to sell it the whole time ?
1 how would the price of compliments changing effect supply ?
1 as sal mentioned oil prices in this video , and this is the time after 2014 oil price plummet , i found it interesting to ask - is this the best time to make huge oil reserves for countries which import oil ?
0 if he was referring to the individual farmer , would n't an increase in suppliers make him/her less inclined to produce grapes as the market is more competitive and the prices he/she can get for his/her grapes is lower ?
1 what would a new minimum wage law do to the supply curve ?
1 what would happen to price if quantity supplied decreases , with all other things equal ?
1 so if the number of suppliers increased more than market demand , there would be an excess quantity supplied , which would cause the market price to go down ?
1 at 12:54 , what is opportunity cost ?
0 in this scenario woulnd't the price just go up because the firm is causing the demand to outweigh the supply through the action of hoarding ?
1 what is the effect of price of complementary goods on the supply curve ?
1 would n't it make more sense to bump production to create more supply while the price is low therefore having more supply when the prices are higher ?
0 or are blueberries related because they use the same resource , land , required to produce grapes ?
1 would i ask u that , why the supply goes down when the the input goes up ?
1 does only demand and supply affects prices ?
0 or you meant that they would produce but not sell them until prices went up ?
0 what if for say there is a drought and a shortage of grapes ?
1 how does this law of economics influence those two industries , and how does it influence the supply curve in general ?
1 i 'm interested the shape of supply.is it always curve or may be linear.in what cases ?
0 what if people figure out an easy way to grow grapes for themselves ?
1 would tax affect monoplist 's variable costs or avc curve ?
0 is it because goods and services sellers sense that the currency is worth less , or is it because the comodities they import to produce the goods they sell are getting more expensive due to currency exchange ratios ?
0 or is it just as soon as it goes above 50 % it is automatically hyperinflation ?
0 i 'm not sure , if my question was n't answeared yet , but would n't it be better if central banks did n't mess with money supply ?
1 so , due to hyperinflation , we can end up with an increasing public debt ( in absolute levels ) , while the ratio public debt/gdp is decreasing , leading to a ( false ) recovery of the economy ?
0 this could be price speculation ?
1 why would one want to have a system with legal tender if it means you can pay back your loan in the exact same amount of currency even though it has devalued ?
1 can america tax flags made in china ?
0 so what does it mean if there is no consumer surplus ?
1 i 've seen a lot of comments say that it will be the same whether you make the demand + tax curve or supply + tax curve but i think it 's just the price that the same not the quantity in the new equilibrium can someone tell me whether it 's really right to make a demand+tax curve instead of supply+tax curve ?
1 this is some what random but what things are have perfectly elastic demand or is it just a theoretical state ?
1 what does it mean when sal says `` the marginal benefit at any point for the consumer for that next unit is equal to the price they 're paying '' ?
0 how do you make them think that the price will decrease or increase ?
0 what kind of questions will i get in an exam about supply and demand ?
0 how do i turn off subtitles ?
1 when would the value of a product increase ?
0 wo n't the demand decrease even when the prices are neutral ?
0 infusion and defusion , is n't it can effect demand ?
1 or another way to put it , do `` necessary goods '' resist price increases ?
1 how can we expect the near future prices , is there a mathematical formula or is it just by intuition ?
1 like you quoted `` product 's own price can only change the quantity demanded of the product '' , my doubt is change in future price is also the same as product 's own price so why is it changing the demand ?
0 say a company desires to 'leak ' the word that a service or product value will leap up , to cause a sudden buying frenzy whenever they please ?
1 a person in the market who expect that the prices of products will increase in future is known as ?
0 or is the `` expected '' price change is something more concrete - say , as in taxation ?
1 why does an expected change in price affect the demand for a good ?
0 or is it really even `` real insurance '' ?
1 my question is what 's the relationship between h1 and p1 or p2 ?
0 could i1 insure all of i2 's obligations , however ?
0 in the movie , however , the main characters are talking about `` selling '' their swaps ?
1 8:25+ , how realistic of an example is this , in reference to hedge fund h1 and the insurance company i2 ?
0 where is the debt gone ?
1 how can the hedge funds who are betting against the corporation going bankrupt value the corporation at 10 billion dollars ?
1 if banks went benkrupt does n't it mean that they do n't have enough money to pay their loans/costumers - which mean there is high demand for money , and not enough of it ?
0 is that what the banks do to keep running ?
0 but in theory , if there were n't taxes and such , would it have worked ?
1 what is the thai banking crisis and what are interest rates ?
0 my computer is being dumb so can anyone explaine : ) it to me ?
0 how does actually lend the 25m thai money to thailand in 12 % interest rate ?
0 the problem is borrowing in a lower exchange rate and have to pay taxes at a higher one , correct ?
1 how do i calculate an interest rate to understand how much i will have to pay back along with my loan ?
0 how does a country or business get out of a crisis like this ?
1 in 1996 , how come this problem was n't noted to the government ?
1 why would anyone go to the exchange if they know that they can get a higher price on otc 's ?
0 makes the price of any commodity `` move '' up or down w/out any news , especially in jumpy , volatile ways , and who , or what adjusts/monitors that computer-algorithm ?
0 profit equals zero , what are we comparing it with ?
0 so why is there suddenly this perfectly elastic supply curve coming out of nowhere ?
1 so , at 2:03 , is the mc curve the same as the srs curve in all situations , or just here ?
0 how do you know that cost to produce an additional gallon rises ?
1 what is the optimal combination of l and k to produce q = 10 ?
0 ... isnt put option safer and better ?
0 in that case how the slope will look like ?
0 why are government transfers not included ?
1 so when times are bad we would have to pay ( trough taxes ) for our own money , right ?
0 do you deposit cash in the bank every payday ?
0 should n't the definition be `` if people collectively demand 10 % of all the money in the deposit accounts - the bank will become illiquid '' ?
0 can you talk about synthetic collateral debt obligation ?
1 and how does one analyse whether a particular company 's stocks will go up or down ?
0 is there any video on securities lending ?
1 do we have to pay in order to get the share , or we are just borrowing it and we have to give it back ?
0 secondly , does it depend on which broker you do it through ?
0 where would it ever end , how could it be fair ?
0 is this plan still relevant ?
0 by that time the value of the home would be higher , 'cause home values only go up , right ?
1 also , why is the treasury one of the investors in these special entities , would it not be possible with only the fed and private investors ?
1 why is a current account deficit generally considered a bad thing ?
0 how would it work if a non-citizen resident in the u.s. got income from a u.s. or a foreign asset ?
0 or is that a `` six or one 1/2 dozen '' statement ?
1 how do you find capitalization rate ?
0 does it mean a portion of the company 's earnings will be given to the person who owns the stock ?
0 i am trying to do a firm valuation of garmin using a formula we were given in class , how do i find the discount rate and the expected growth rate for the stock based on in the information in yahoo finance ?
0 does anybody have any tips on taking notes for these videos ?
1 however the owners of the mbss all paid $ 1100 for their shares ; is n't your rate of return usually calculated compared to your investment , and therefore lower than 9 % ?
1 sal , one question which came to mind whilst watching these presentations on cdos and mbss is this : why do the commercial banks not engage in the practice of investment banking ( or merge with/acquire said investment bank ) , given that it seems to be very profitable ?
0 and would this also mean that a cdo is synthetic ?
0 am i understanding this properly ?
0 then , subtracting the $ 45m going to senior and mez , those of equity would receive in return only $ 35m - less than 12 % , right ?
1 in reality , do you know during the 08 's crises how many people actually defaulted ?
1 how many transaction are there in a block ?
1 who is checking that the transaction within the block are coherent , and that no money is used twice ?
0 anybody know what is a block chain transaction code ?
1 how is the % gain 3oo when a call option is exercised ?
1 if you have a put option ( ability to sell a stock at an exercise price ) could you also use a call option ( ability to buy a stock at a lower price ) to make a profit ?
1 sal is basically saying the chairman of the federal reserve , bb , is wrong , because credit easing is really quantitative easing , right ?
1 what does sal mean by good credit ?
0 still people have to be responsible of themselves , same thing in other industry like sports , regulation of steroid does it help ?
0 can someone please explain to me how does this relate to the realized compound of return ?
0 when the us government issues ten year treasuries they do n't issue them at 100 cents on the dollar they issue them at a pre-established discount essentially decided by current market trends ?
1 are options also used for people with limited initial capital who wish to maximise future returns through owning more shares later on when they can exercise them ?
1 also slightly off topic - why are options considered derivatives ?
0 so if i buy an option , even though the shares ' price is $ 80each , in that moment i can buy the `` real '' stock for only $ 60each ?
0 or would i have to pay $ 80 ?
0 who paid him the billions he made when all those mortgages defaulted ?
1 what is `` offset '' mean ?
0 what about the government sponsored fannie and freddie lowering their standards due to hud regulation in 2004 ?
0 at 5:21 , is it me who are paying this fee ?
0 so lets say both the cfc and ib take 5k in fee each , then i have to pay 10k in fee for the loan , and 7 % to the invest ?
0 is it the same system let 's say in japan or europe ?
0 i do n't understand the concept of why if housing prices go up , that means that people would not default on their loans ?
0 is that when they get their `` 7 % interest '' back ?
1 did the investors get the entire interest payments , and if so , how were the fees for countrywide and the other agencies collected ?
1 but i then give back to the wwe universe 1,000 what i still use negative externalities ?
1 starting at 2:14 , why is a little inflation considered good ?
1 how do u consider any year as the base year ?
0 we would hope not to actually see this speed of price increases in the real economy correct ?
1 why is a little inflation a good thing ?
0 would it have no effect ?
1 when the price control is implemented ( from 6:40 ) - why does it not make sense for any landowners to put on the market houses when there are 1 million units already on the market ?
1 so , basically my question is would n't a surplus for perishable goods not be good ?
1 in law of demand it was if price goes up demand goes down so if price is going up and demand down then why would some one grow more grapes when the demand is getting less ?
0 what if it were to start at price = $ 0 , therefore quantity supplied = 0 lbs since the farmer would not want to produce something for free ?
0 remember that only one curve can move , otherwise what would happen once the demand curve shifts left ?
0 can anyone explain to me what this means ?
1 can the supply curve that sal plotted ever be a straight line ?
0 so in the whole video he says quantity goes up with price but , previously he says higher prices means less people buy so should n't the grape farmer make less grapes ?
1 i do n't understand where the price is coming from - in this basic example , the price is x , so the supplier responds to that , but where does that initial price that the supplier is responding to come from ?
0 so ... the price of a good goes up , and the producer of that good ( wanting to make more money ) , decides to make more of the good , even though he knows less people will be buying it because the price went up ?
0 does this apply to iphones also ?
1 can supply and demand curves be modeled algebraically ?
0 we can supply more even when our demand is going down ?
1 considering the fact that the demand and supply curves look like rectangular hyperbola 's and parabola 's is it possible by any chance that we can extrapolate the particular price of a given commodity from the particular curve at a certain point and vice-versa ?
1 why a aa senior investor is allowed to buy the bb mbs ?
1 is the equity tranche the same thing as the junior tranche ?
1 when more side bets were made , did the premium on the side bets increase , due to an increase demand ?
1 5:56 that $ 5 given to share holder by short seller is in addition to rent payed to broker ?
1 does the owner ( of ibm stocks ) know that his stock has been lent to someone else by the broker ?
0 would that be the smartest option ?
1 if there is a dividend paid while a borrower is in possesion of a stock , does the broker keep tabs on this so that the lender now has an iou with 1 stock + 1 dividend ?
0 how would that make everything better ?
1 are banks ever aware of who is loaning whom money ?
0 then there will not be the loss of opportunity cost of $ 10000 and the monthly payment will go to the explicit costs ?
1 hi , how does one determine the `` depreciation '' amount of money ?
1 about the granite - if it appreciates over time , would n't it be seen as an investment ?
1 at 8:50 when grandmother deposited the cash in the banks a/c , why did only the reserve rise , why not the liabilities and hence the total balance sheets of the bank ?
1 is it smarter to use accrual accounting if i ran a morge ?
0 what are the pros and cons of each ?
1 what is so important about the price of gas in this world ?
1 what is the government 's incentive to put high taxes on gas prices ?
0 so the factors affecting short run , it 's the market physiology the events in the middle east and etc , but what change the long run ?
1 is n't vertical integration , like sal mentioned at 1:45 , an illegal form of monopoly in the united states ?
1 at 10:30 , what does sal mean when he says that someone will take the future 's contract and try to trade it up , or take delivery of the oil but not bring it to market ?
1 the first transaction made occurred when the farmer gave the builder $ 1000 , but should n't he have only been able to initially give the builder $ 600 of that $ 1000 because the mpc was only 0.6 ?
1 if the mpc is 0.5 and the tax rate is 10 % , how do i find the increase in equilibrium income if there was a $ 500 increase in autonomous government purchases ?
1 c=30+0.7y and i=10 ivesting also increases with 10 milion what will the multiplier be ?
1 why is this ppf a curved line and not a straight line ?
0 since it is theoretically zero risk should n't it have its place on the balance sheet as it will yield some future monetary value ?
0 if it took a very long time , could you argue speculators do not make as much money because they have to pay interest on their loan ?
0 what does it mean for the currency to float ?
0 is n't the value on that falling ?
0 i mean , the 100 bs must 've come from someone , right ?
1 sal , when calculating your effective tax , do you think that it makes more sense to add the matching employer fica contribution to both top line earnings and total tax ?
1 can somebody please explain to me what marginal benefits is and give me some examples ?
1 so i guess my question is : if different currencies are different ways of measuring the worth of something , why does it matter how many of each types of measurements of worth there are as long as there is still the same amount of worth ?
0 is there a video about the law of supply and demand ?
0 how does this happen man need help big time ?
1 how come the euro is higher in value than the dollar when their economy is not that strong.. ?
0 would that raise the value of the usd ?
1 if i want to convert ₤4 to $ , i have to multiply ₤4 by 1.25. and if i want to convert $ 4 to ₤ , i have to divide $ 4 by 1.25. is this correct ?
1 can you explain what the difference between a direct quote and an indirect quote ?
1 why is inflation a 'natural occurrence ' ?
1 do you mean how to find out how much a price has risen over the year ( s ) ?
1 will there ever be a point where the price per pound of grapes has gone up so much that quantity supplied will decrease ?
1 this may be a stupid question- what does it mean `` at any pricepoint '' ?
1 i get the general gist of it , but i 'd like to know what the pricepoint means exactly ?
1 i understand how i 'd need to cover the dividend if i borrowed someone 's stock to short it , but what about the less tangible benefits of ownership ?
0 does that mean they do n't have to give back anything to the broker ?
1 leaving that aside , is the process of short selling monitored by any gov't or 3rd party entities ?
1 at 1:32 , what is a broker ?
1 how does short selling and shorting impact the stock market ?
0 or do i , the 'shorter ' , have to pay up one of them ?
0 so now you buy back the share and have to sell it again ?
1 if so , would the broker be held accountable since he/she allowed the shorting of the owners stock ?
0 what if you cant pay back ?
0 can you please very detail , why should he have to shuffle or re-arranging the shares ?
0 how much would you have made if you had bought apple before it became popular ?
1 can somoene please explain me what a broker is ?
1 if the debt is owned to bank b , does n't it mean that bank b and c owes each other , so their debts cancel each other out ?
1 why the 2m dollars does not included into opportunity cost ?
1 is n't the opcc the same as the depreciation value in the second 'economic profit ' financial statement ?
0 is that another way of explaining the minus $ 100,000 economic profit ?
0 if one of them were to die , how much would the surviving spouse inherit ?
0 so they 'd inherit all of it , right ?
1 basically does the estate include gifts that were given before the person died ?
1 why ca n't you sell all your stuff to your children before you die ?
0 is it correct to say that sal 's point of view is the keynesian one ?
1 how is high utilization associated with high demand ?
1 what was the highest level of infation ever ?
1 why does fed only want to buy treasuries , not anything else ?
0 china ) , what is the effect to m1 when the money does not enter our banking system ?
1 so does that mean that in effect central banks ontrol libor ?
1 why does cash go down in the last month by $ 100 ( from $ 500 to $ 400 ) when the profit was $ 100 ?
0 so , all in all , which method is better ?
1 would it be a deferred revenue as total money was not paid ?
1 can someone explain to me what stickiness of relative prices means ?
1 also , can you list some reasons why economists generally dislike deflation ?
1 what happens to people who owe money when there is deflation ?
1 i mean what is the importance of breakdown of gas prices in the laws of supply , demand and market equilibrium ?
1 wait ... at around 12:07 , how do gas stations get any money ?
1 do we need to know this breakdown of gas prices in reading microeconomics ?
0 to buy the crude oil and then resell gasoline and other stuff to other entity like gas station ?
1 does shorter chain produces inferior quality oil ?
1 how is the bus powered ?
1 how many barrels of oil are there worldwide and how many years of oil are there left ?
1 if the buyer and seller sell their contracts on the market , do they make or lose money ?
1 what doees cdo stand for ?
1 so is equity infusion what many banks engaged in during the financial crisis ?
1 i thought the company only has 500 million shares , how come you buy 3 billion shares at 10:20 ?
1 why did the sovereign wealth fund pay 1.50/share instead of 1.00/share ?
1 can oil be manufactured by mixing chemicals , and would it be cheaper ?
1 why would the price of oil be very high when there 's excess capacity at the refineries ?
0 if so what caused it ?
0 does anyone know where i can find worksheets to practice , based on this concept ?
1 therefore , does n't oil prices track macroeconomic variables such as inflation ?
1 does n't marginal cost go down for a bit because of a distribution of fixed costs , rather than just going exponential up like a supply curve ?
0 so to make sure i understand you well , you 're saying you wonder what would happen if the price of some goods and services would be capped ?
0 is it simply by refusing to pay ?
1 can you discuss the current supply shock in the oil market due to north americas new production of sand oil ?
1 how does refinery refining capacity effect price ?
1 does n't that make this whole idea unrealistic ?
1 what is the change in demand of the required reserve ratio = 10 % ?
1 if marginal prosperity to consume ( mpc ) is 0.8 , the keynesian investment multiplier would be ?
0 what if the mpc is 1 ?
0 why did the videos switch for 4 episodes ?
1 after you had made the first trap , would n't you start getting rabbits without having to hunt for them ?
0 how does the system work ?
0 what if a country did this in stable times , would it help their country ?
1 is the current account deficit preventing turkey from using currency reserves from stabilizing the economy ?
1 are these speculations only on small countries or do speculators just have access to that much capital to make an impact on an entire nation ?
0 or is it worth 1/2 just outside the country and still the normal value inside your country ?
1 does the state tax take from you salary before or after the federal tax takes from you ?
1 is this video not simply saying that each currency is subject to supply and demand , and that the exchange rate is the market price , expressed in relative terms ?
1 can anybody explain to me what purchasing power parity is ?
1 can you trade cash for yuan face to face , or do you have to trade yuan any way els and how ?
0 would n't you need two sets of curves to illustrate it ?
0 wo n't that help the value of the dollar ?
1 what exactly is a stock ?
0 why cant people just go to an international bank and trade with them ?
0 like some currencies though are non convertible but have a exchange rate in online foreign exchange convertors ?
1 how is the value of currency decided ?
0 would n't in turn that make the price of grapes go down since there 's more grapes ?
0 but could it be the fact that it is explained in a producer 's point of view , rather than a consumer 's point of view ?
1 what if you were selling prunes and grapes , would quantity supplied of grapes go up to produce both or would the most popular of the two go up ?
0 does this also cause the supply curve to shift to the left ?
1 what a decrease in the price of oranges would lead to ?
1 does not that mean that ( according to law of demand ) the demand for my red wine goes up and i can raise my prices ( in one year or so ) for my red wine ?
1 was n't the whole chart based on how much an individual actor ( farmer , whatever ) is willing to produce considering the current price on the market ?
0 of course , the supply curve will never go to negative quantities , because what would that even mean ?
1 at 2:50 if we assume that the price of blueberries increased from $ 1 to $ 2 , but the price of grapes was still greater at $ 4 then why would the supply of grapes decrease as more profit can still be made from producing grapes ?
1 but is the price of blueberries goes up would n't the quantity demanded would go down , so i would get stuck with unsold blueberries and people would actually demand more grapes since it would be a cheaper good ?
0 why would the line be linear ?
0 what if it 's some manufactured good instead , and there 's a revolt among the workers because they do n't want to work in mines at any cost ?
1 if there was abnormal profit being made and there were no barriers in entry , then the number of suppliers would increase resulting in lower prices and thus eating into the abnormal profit right ?
1 are there any current examples of monopolies resulting in a free market ?
1 in what conditions can monopoly occur ?
0 what about the market equilibrium in monopoly and perfect competition ?
0 i am a bit confused ; if it was a monopoly , would n't the supply curve be perfectly inelastic ?
1 is it true that monopolies may set set price and quantity of their products at any level they wish without government restrictions or regulations ?
0 are there any content for the edgewroth boxes ?
1 why do we fight to keep monopolies ?
1 hey , is n't the price and hence demand predetermined by the industry ?
1 if a country is experiencing hyperinflation , how du manage to make comeback from that ?
1 where would one find out the tax bracket rates for their country ?
1 is tax brackets actually the breaking down of taxation level ?
1 what are some simplifying assumptions in the world of government and politics ?
0 does that mean consumers do n't have satisfaction ?
1 but is n't there a difference between marginal cost and incremental cost ?
1 how must the quantity elasticity of inverse demand and the quantity elasticity of inverse supply be related for the impact of t on revenue to be zero ?
0 yes it depends on how you set up the graph , but if you have been making graphs of supply and demand you should have noticed that there 's a convention that we use about which variable goes on which axis , right ?
1 if the producer pays the tax and ca n't charge it to the consumer when the market is elastic , why ca n't countries get foreign producers to pay for more of the taxes on products that hinder domestic competition ?
1 say the product is 8 $ but not a lot of people want it will you still get the expected number of people buying it or will you get fewer people buying it ?
1 why is the `` demand '' increasing , when the demand curve shifted to the right ?
0 like if you hired someone to say that they found something that hints to the price going up to make more people buy it ?
0 also what happens when they actually raise the price- after the expectation that it will rise ?
0 why does the demand curve go from left to right and if they think the price will goup there is still a third party that does not care how does that work ?
0 does this apply to services as well as goods ?
1 did the price of gas change ?
1 i wonder what makes price so special and not something like population or market size ?
0 wont it be the same number of people over the long run ?
0 would n't that give the suppliers a chance at raising prices and maximizing profits - thus nullifying the initial price change ?
1 does the curve , our basic e-book curve has to do anything with it shifting to the left or right side ?
0 how does h1 know this ?
1 i mean what is the connection between i2 and b ?
0 why is it not being regulated ?
0 i only ask this is because what if the insurance company does n't have all the money to pay the defaulted loan ?
0 you may say these companies will just increase their insurance fees but is it the real case ?
1 even if b goes bankrupt , p2 could still get the $ if they are senior enough , right ?
0 how is this any different than fractional reserve banking ?
0 would it be a practical alarm system to be on the lookout for hedge-fonds investing money in cdss ?
0 but would this mean that a loan that i took in 1996 has to be paid back with a revised interest of say , 17 % ?
0 is this an example of greedy banks trying to make a quick buck then begging for a handout from the people who lost the most ?
0 if not , when did it start ( just the year ) ?
1 how bad is the deficit ?
1 does anybody know what income rates are ?
1 standardized contracts are created to protect farmers and chains from future unpredictability , while margins are created to protect the third party from losses , am i making sense ?
1 is the settlement price a close concept to the option premium ?
1 if you buy a particular commodity from many different types of stores and all the sellers offer it to you at the same price , will all the sellers earn economic profit in the lr ?
1 how do we know that for the economic profit to be neutral , price should be $ 0.50 ?
1 after a strike , the cost of labor increases to w = 4. what is now the optimal combination of inputs to produce q = 10 ?
1 if an option is in the money , what is the difference between `` selling the option '' and `` exercising the option '' ?
1 how does both share of population and entire of population are credit constrained affect the slop ?
1 what is the difference between federal reserve note and federal note outstanding ?
1 what actually causes a stock price to go up or down ?
1 is the original owner of stock still considered to be a shareholder for purposes of voting , or is it a person to whom i short-selled the stock ?
1 the short seller could hold it till the share goes down to his demanded price though it costs more interest , right ?
1 what happens if you short stok your own stocks through a stock broker ?
1 so is shorting done only when the stock price is going to go low ?
1 would it be fair to say it is easier to 'short ' stocks with a smaller market cap than a larger market cap ?
1 2. is it accurate that you get $ 50 after short changing the share , that is if , you are taking care of whatever the owner of the share needs , and are n't you gon na have to pay for the 'rent ' of the borrowed share ?
0 or is something else going on ?
1 does n't the broker get any commission ?
0 or 2 : the stock is projected to keep going up , so cover ( get out , minimize losses asap ) ?
0 could i have a very brief and simple explanation about them ?
1 for instance , if i am the short seller , who borrowed a stock from the broker for $ x , while even after its market value varies , can i able to give that share back to the broker with the same base price or it will also varies accordingly ?
1 maybe this is not the place to ask this question , but.. where these toxic mortgages come from ?
1 what are the fundamental differences between the federal reserve and treasury that would benefit or result in the federal reserve lending more money to purchase the toxic financial asset from the bank compared to the department of treasury at 7:08 ?
1 also why does cad lead to weakening of the home currency ?
1 if your tenants ( in london ) pay you electronically , is there any type of digital conversion from pounds to dollars taking place ?
1 how can you easily differentiate current account from capital account ?
1 when changing the amount of shares in a company , does increasing the amount of shares affect the value of shares already bought ?
0 is there some way to set the closed captioning to off as a default ?
1 can you determine how much gross profit is equal to one penny in share price for a specific company ?
0 would n't they have the same percentage change as they moved up or down one cent ?
1 was one of the core problems of the credit bubble the very fact that traditionally `` illiquid '' assets ( mortgages ) became very liquid due to mortgage-backed securities and cdos ?
0 who can help me for establishing the balance sheet on the right way ?
1 which block gets injected into the global transaction block chain ?
1 is there a protocol for a situation where two different miners manage to find a proof at the exact same time as well as expending the exact same amount of work ?
1 how new nodes are themeselves known to the bitcoin ecosystem ?
1 however , the chain for both the nodes would be exactly same , till the point where the block in contention comes , right ?
1 so why would i ever consider a stock over call option ?
0 can someone explain this to me ?
0 i i have concept of all these but if we r going to define them with exactly ?
1 if so , why in the thread is it stated that when rates were low , bondholders made a killing ?
0 or can it be derived from the information at hand ?
1 if i decide to exercise my call , can the stock owner refuse to sell it to me for $ 60 ?
1 how do you figure the risk is less ?
1 s=aapl & m=2012-07-20 also , what is the significance of all these call options with a strike that is lower than the option 's price ?
0 date and cover the short for $ 60 ?
1 and how do interest rates really affect a country 's trade balance and all of that ?
0 what 's so special about them ?
1 what is supply and demand graph ?
0 also , how can i get alerts for new videos being posted into this playlist ?
0 should n't it be mentioned that banks like aig allowed other investors to speculate on the insurance they provided ?
1 is the agreement to pay up the full billion at once in case of default or incrementally , the same way a was doing ?
1 at 7:23 what does iou mean ?
1 so countrywide ( mortage broker ) play the role of the bank loaner , how does this chain work ?
1 so what is the point of the investment bank ?
1 how is this profitable for the banks in the first place ?
1 should n't we build a third curve `` bags + tax + damage '' ?
1 do negative externality taxes not seem like an extremely efficient way for the government to produce revenue , as opposed to income and capital gains taxes ?
0 change prices and see how much the quantity demanded changes ?
0 thus , moving the supply curve to the left ?
0 are there other influences that may affect it from one country to another ?
0 however , he also says that the apples and bananas are not worth the same price , so what does the 100 mean in this scenario ?
1 anyways , my main question is , why is inflation a good thing if it decreases the purchasing power of the consumer ?
1 is 62 % the amount of price inflation ?
1 is the price ceiling always place under the market equilibrium price ?
1 in other words , does this mean that all apartments that would have been in that range are no longer sold , and therefore there is no demand ?
1 how do we know a demand curve when it depends so much on individual wants that are difficult to numerically measure and have a lot of extenuating factors ?
0 e.g.why does the line s go up ?
1 why would a goernment impllement a price ceiling ?
1 is `` marginal cost '' the same as `` opportunity cost '' ?
0 does that mean at equilibrium producers wo n't get any profit ?
1 so if you draw a horizontal line across the graph starting at $ 2 , what do you see ?
1 why does the quantity supplied increase as the price goes up ?
1 why would quantity supply will increase if price will increase ?
1 when the price goes up , there more supplies on the markt , although less people will buy it ?
1 the prices of grapes increases to 2 $ and the farmer starts planting more grapes but why will the buyers in the market be willing to purchase the grapes from the farmer when there is a lesser demand ?
1 why would suppliers produce the largest quantity of a good when the price for that good is the highest , when they know consumer demand for the good at that price will be the lowest ?
1 why would suppliers increase the quantity of a product as they increase the price if they know that the consumer would not buy as many of the product at that price ?
0 should it be the other way around ?
0 wo n't that be contradictory to the law stated ?
1 what is causing the rise in price that it would cause confidence in suppliers ?
1 why do you have to put the price on the vertical line when making supply curve ?
0 is this what i was supposed to gain from this video ?
1 the scenario holds good when the supply is more owing to market demand and the cost of good is secondary for the consumer ?
0 but what if the order was switched ?
1 how much money would you demand for you to sell the first grape ?
1 how would you graph your supply and demand graph if you gave away your goods for free ?
1 wo n't the supplier want to produce more grapes at lower prices so that their income is higher ?
1 how does anyone know at planting time what the price will be at harvest time ?
1 the price that we are talking about , is it the selling price ( income ) for the supplier or the cost price ?
1 how to balance between they supply and demand ?
1 why between $ 3 and $ 4 not a big difference ?
1 is n't it more intuitive that the demand curve changes ?
0 how can that be figured out ?
0 what am i missing here ?
1 im still not getting whos keeping the money of the dead weight loss , but i suppose is the consumers who keep the money , so neither producer or goverment have that piece revenue , im right ?
1 where does the government get the money to keep administer the transaction without taxes ?
1 taxation causes market failure right ?
1 so basically the tax revenue sort of takes away part of the producer 's surplus and the consumer 's surplus ?
0 has to dicide what to do ( issue mbss or cdos ) , or how does that work in real life ?
1 does n't legislation needs to be created for such things to happen ?
1 how is credit default swap accounted for in the balance sheet ?
0 am i obligated to make sure they get a copy of the annual report so that they really `` never notice '' that they do n't actually own the stock ?
0 do you pay them for how much they lost , do you buy the stock back , or is there some other condition that applies ?
0 am i now required to return 10 shares at higher price ( presumably ) ?
0 pink smiley face on the right ) lose out ?
1 2 people can say they 'own ' the share , so who gets the dividend ?
1 does it ever come to pass that there are no more shares to buy and the short seller could potentially not be able to buy back their share ?
1 how are stock costs determined ?
1 how much of a companie 's profit is controlled by the stock market ?
1 if bank a loanded the one billion to bank c , why is the arrow pointing towards bank b ?
1 why is depreciation explicit in the accounting profit statement but implicit in the economic profit statement ?
1 is sal saying that if both parents died at the same time then the child/children would be entitled to an exemption of 10m ?
1 not all the time , but over long periods of time , real rates should at least match real gdp growth , because after all , how do you get gdp growth ?
0 in reality do companies do something to avoid this / can they ?
0 what if you used the 100,000 to buy a car ?
1 i 'm not sure why around 6:15 sal says that increases in capacity precede increases in inflation , but then at 7:00ish measures the capacity at the same time as the inflation upturn to say `` this is the threshold utilisation which causes inflation to rise '' - surely a ) you 'd be accounting for that lag and b ) any increase in utilisation ought to correspond with an increase in inflation ?
1 may there be another underlying factor , like access to cheap consumer credit , or low interest rates on savings , that increase consumer demand / spending , which in turn increases utilization and causes inflation ?
1 how can the over printing of money create deflation ?
1 what is push and pull inflation ?
1 are n't tax rates not constant anyway ?
1 given that total demand is the same what should we expect that the next step for squeezy oranges be ?
1 how is someone able to consume without income ?
1 in this situation , where the fed is trying to reach a target rate , would they be less likely to buy back debt from china , than from us citizens ?
0 and then , the purpose of lowering the target rate would not be obtained , right ?
0 if so , then would they sell the treasuries back again so they can get rid of the debt they created ?
0 again i thought the fed now pays interest , does n't it ?
1 so the government acts as a sort of insurance agent to the federal reserve , is that right ?
1 what does fed do with this treasuries ?
1 at 7:59 , what is the difference between the cash printed in the asset column and notes outstanding in liabilities column ?
1 also , similarly , when checks are written or when they are cashed by the recipient ?
1 does double-entry accounting have anything to do with either of these two methods ?
1 would it be correct to say that what accrual accounting is to cash accounting , is what fair value accounting is to historical cost accounting ?
0 what if the customer doesnt pay ?
1 1:47 `` deflation is not the norm , especially for growing economies '' - but the us economy certainly grew between 1860 and 1900 , and there was deflation ?
1 why do individuals say that deflation is bad ?
0 what is wrong with this analysis ?
1 how come the company has to pay for the crude if they own the rig ?
0 how does that fit into the process and how would n't it hurt the industry ?
1 i do n't know much about economics but it sounds like the economy can be thrown off balance easily ?
1 what is the bp situation that sal tries to refer to ?
0 so do people who work at the gas stations use this kind of stuff ?
0 this is n't really a question ... what is your question ?
1 why are the gas prices going high now ?
0 pay itself with it 's own money ?
1 why does n't the treasury get paid half of upside as a private investor ?
0 to be fair , why is this opportunity ( if we see it as such ) limited to banks and investment houses ?
1 how do people even come by these oil companies ?
1 anybody who can tell me what the ds curve of housing looks like ?
1 is this one of the benefits why sometimes gas companies were believed to `` hoard '' oil so that they could ensure that remaining supply of oil would suffice the future need ?
0 is it even a large enough percentage to bother considering ?
1 why do countries like saudi refuse to reduce oil production and supply even at this stage ?
1 why will the health condition of a powerful head of state ( obama , merkel or wladimir.p ) affect the oil price ?
0 am i correct in this understanding ?
1 why is mpc what drives the multiplier ?
0 at all , can someone explain this to me ?
1 can the rabbit trap be used again and again ?
0 in what way or ways ?
0 to increase lending in the system to pull money back into the turkish economy ?
0 which means u dont have made any profit at all ?
1 but was n't the marginal benefit a curve having 2*slope of demand curve and intercept=that of demand curve ?
0 if i buy your old lcd tv on ebay and pay you in rupees will you accept ?
0 would this hurt trade and hinder competition ?
0 how does is make exports more expensive ?
1 why do people from forex always advertise and want people to exchange what benefits do they gain ?
1 when a currency is exchanged what is really exchanged between the countries , do they exchange commodities or gold or what ?
1 if pakistan has 100 dollars what would they demand from america in its exchange ?
1 how can you really fix the `` market price '' or value of a currency in the economy ?
0 is this happening with oil ?
1 what occupations can get you a job in currency exchange ?
1 why do people lose purchasing power each year ?
0 is n't it that if i did not supply any grapes the price/lbs would be zero ?
1 is there a difference between supply and production ?
1 for ex - in the case of the grape example how would the increase of price of wine affect the demand for grapes ?
1 do complementary goods have an effect on the quantity supplied of a good ?
1 i do n't understand , if we were talking about oil , then if the price of inputs went up , the price of gasoline would go up , therefore the supply would go up according to the video , therefore defying that idea of the price of inputs ?
1 what kind of scenario would make people expect future prices to change ?
1 now that demand has increased , what would an increase in future prices do to the new price ?
0 and would n't that then increase the quantity supplied ?
0 i understand the logic he uses , but would n't the associated costs with new technology deter producers from wanting to allocate their resources to that product , thus decreasing supply ?
1 or do we assume that increasing number of producers is directly related in someway to the demand and we should't worry about the product not being bought ?
1 i do n't really understand why : when the number of suppliers goes up , the price also goes up , does n't that has to be that the price will go down , because more people now produces this type of production ( unless it has high opportunity cost , and this why the price is going higher ) ?
0 why not talk about the complements that affect supply curve , like the way that demand curve did ?
0 but , in such a scenario would it be wrong to say that hoarding is one of the factors which is going to contribute to the price rise ?
1 is supply how much you have or how much you are currently selling ?
0 if ot , can someone explain ?
1 at 3:55 , what does sal mean by `` suppliers '' ?
1 are you assuming that the industry is a price taker when talking about future prices ?
0 if it is short run then , how will land play any role in increasing production ?
0 or does this violate ceteris paribus ?
1 is cell phone market a perfect competitive market or monopolistic competition ?
1 can a monopolist control the quantity of output at a price ?
0 why not just stick with the limit of , let 's say €500 ?
1 what is the highest percent of progressive tax , especially for the rich and super rich ?
0 is it to discourage use of gold as a medium of exchange ?
1 what would happen if the tax was on buyers ?
1 if the costs of production for the supplier changes ( in this case taxation added ) , producer surplus would fall but if the price of the flags remained constant at $ 70 why did consumers want less of the product ?
0 therefore , should there not be a very small consumer benefit ?
1 if there was no consumer surplus , why would they both buying a flag from somewhere else ?
1 are stores relying on pent up quantity demand for the day that they specify the price will drop ?
0 what does price of related goods do ?
1 in other words , why are the demand curves for 1 and 2 parallel to the original scenario ?
1 what will be the impact on the equilibrium in the market of burger ?
1 so , what will affect the expectation of the price ?
0 what is the point of drwaing curves and graphs ?
0 i have understood whatever sal has said but a thing which really bugs me is why do i have to draw graphs ?
0 how were these allowed as such ?
1 did the insurance companies go broke paying the hedge funds back before they could pay back the pension funds ?
0 does anyone know of an example of this happening ?
0 have i missed something here ?
1 how is it that hedge find a can buy insurance on something it does not own ?
1 could someone explain to me the concept behind synthetic cds ?
0 my question is that : would that lead to lenders all rushing to a to ask for their money back ?
0 i have just finished the whole macro-economics course here in khan academy , and i am asking , what to do next ?
1 can someone please explain what stops the federal reserve from now printing more bahts and giving it to the banks to repay their debts ?
1 does the title itself go into the escrow account ?
1 in the old model , the deposit would go back to the buyer 's pocket , right ?
1 but what generally happens if for some reason the seller does n't follow through after a signed contract on $ 300k ?
1 if i 'm not as good at writing essays as other things , will this affect me getting into a college ?
0 i 'm very bad at it ... what should i do now ?
0 why would anyone do that ?
1 after 10 years , i have to pay all of what is left of the principal , but since the amortization is over the course of 30 years , i only pay the interest part the remaining 20 years ?
1 also , is the amortization the same as the term of the fixed mortgage ?
0 i do n't know what i can make a career out of it and my mom wants me to go to collage ... what should i do ?
1 is it necessary or beneficial to take preparation classes for either test ?
1 how can i find time to study in between all my ap and honors classes and a sport ?
0 or does he only get money from the original investment ?
1 how the return on a single investment in open mutual fund is calculated - for example 10 000 $ in an open fund for 10 years- how will the return be calculated ?
1 is it good to apply early ?
1 grades , sat , few extra-curricular activities and college essay ; these are the only things to get us into college , right ?
0 do you think if i continue this , an ivy league school will except me ?
1 are there any cycling extra curricular activities in high school ?
1 should i be as worried as i am or do i just need to start understanding that my b is going to be an ok grade ?
0 is n't this a good way to start ?
0 what if you do n't want to join any clubs in your school and prefer to do your own extracurricular outside of school ?
1 why do fewer retailers seem to accept american express ?
0 and does n't this put them at risk of discrimination due to the admission officers biases ( both conscious and subconscious ) ?
0 how do you find time to study ?
0 what sat prep books are good ?
0 so do you think it 's very necessary to do a lot of studying for this first time ?
0 how does pete 's fund double from $ 500 to $ 1000 ?
1 how does the value of each share increase ?
1 how is a stock different from a mutual fund ?
1 does working in a family business count as part of the `` extracurricular activities '' group ?
1 should we only take ap classes based on the career that we want to follow or we should take ap classes so we can skip those classes later in colleges for financial benefits or we should do both ?
1 what exactly is college credit ?
1 do you have to pay for the sat and act ?
0 and what are the kids who are n't planning on going straight to college meant to get out of high school ?
1 is there football as an extra item ?
1 is the process of acquiring the retailers difficult or time consuming ?
0 how do co-branded cards like the old costco or current delta amex or nhl discover work in this context ?
1 so , what if the issuing bank and the acquiring bank is the same bank ?
0 what are all those `` possibilities '' of having a certain processor ( like in the ads ) ?
1 1 ) is a network comprised by three main factors : the central processor ( visa in your video ) , issuers and acquirers , with issuers providing customers credit cards while acquirers allowing suppliers ' access to payments of cards intead of cash ?
1 do the processor and the acquiring bank have to rebate the fees made on the $ 1000 dollar purchase or do they get to keep that money ?
1 if i have a credit card from amex , but not issued through a bank , where do the funds come from ?
0 does amex have a central bank that they get their funds from ?
0 gale had $ 968.43 in her college savings account at the beginning of may ?
1 is the grocery store able to recover all the losses made by it in every transaction at the end of the day/month/year ?
1 people that sell glasses traditionally will have to fire their sales force to compete with online sales right ?
1 at 0:56 in this video , how do i ensure that i 'll thrive in my classes ?
0 were is the lady from ?
0 i have a few questions but my biggest one right now is , how do i take the proper courses in high school so when i get to college i have a head start and can get into a fire academy asap ?
0 is that from a previous video ?
1 why do banks practice compunding interest ?
0 are there any practise questions on interest anywhere ?
0 what if the original person once again lent that $ 1000 to our subject here , and it all went on again ?
1 ( a ) if dome offered a 2 percent discount for payment in 10 days and every customer took advantage of the new terms and reduces its bank loans , which cost 12 percent , by the cash generated from its reduced receivables , what will be the net gain or loss to the firm ?
0 could you help show me how to solve this problem of simple interest ?
0 why do we do interest ?
0 i did n't get the way you calculate compound interest ?
1 how does inflation tie in with interest ?
1 is n't the formula p*r*t , where p is principle , r is rate and t is time ?
1 if i were to take a loan of $ 1000 , with 10 % simple interest , and would want to pay it back in $ 100 installments each year does that mean that after the first year the bank would begin charging me simple interest on $ 900 ?
1 are we able to tell when the concept of interest rate appeared for the first time ?
0 are all the videos from this playlist in order ?
1 if you are given an annual investment income , how would you find the money he invested ?
0 is the formula i=prt ... .. ?
1 is there an equation to find the compound interest ?
1 at 2:35 , does the brother-in-law still have to pay off any dept ?
0 is it all about coding ?
1 why do students decide to go to a community college first rather than a 4 year university ?
0 can you be more specific about what you would like to do ?
0 does it show up on your credit report for a total of 10 years or for a total of 7 years ) ?
1 how do you pay your creditors back if you file for chapter 7 bankruptcy and if you have no money , assets , or possessions that have worth ?
1 is the debt suppose suppose to be the amount paid back ?
1 how can taking out student loans effect your credit report ?
0 if i am correct , was this an option instead of going to debtors prison ?
0 why would you be in jail if you have the money ?
0 are they the people from the bank , group of attorneys , lawyers or just an independent real estate 3rd party ?
0 is there any test prep for the act on this website ?
0 what is the difference between the english and the reading section ?
1 what kind of subjects are tested on the sat ?
0 at any rate , since most people applying to go to college are adults , could they even have taken this woman away from her mother at all ?
0 is there anything you can do when you are younger before college to prepare for having a career ?
1 is it appropriate to take the act again if you got a really high score the first time ?
0 where could i find preparation test on khan academy ?
0 are us admissions interviews always this informal ?
1 question 2 - if you have available the full amount 300,000k so a home loan is not needed does this give you extra leverage to offer a lower amount on the initial offer or does it matter since the bank gives the balence anyway ?
1 when does class size make a difference in learning in college ?
0 am i doing it correctly ?
1 the answer on the textbook is : ( on your financial calculator : ) -100pv , 4n , 2 i/yr , solve : fv= 108.24 effective yield= ( 108.24/100 ) -1=8.24 percentage i do not understand the equation ( 108.24/100 ) -1 and why do i need to - 1 in the end ?
1 i do not understand how sal went from 0.6724 % to a decimal of 0.0006724. could someone please explain how he got the latter ?
1 can you explain what is the difference between effective interest rate & interest rate ?
0 it should be the same when it is not compounded , thus being simple interest , right ?
0 why is it in this video he does not do that when showing how much the person will owe ?
1 i put my apr 15 % compounded monthly which borrowed from my parents and they want interest of 10 % every six months.which is the lower rate ?
0 subtracted by 1 to get the effective annual rate ?
0 was the video edited out when he started talking about how you should n't borrow from credit cards ?
1 when people refer to compounding continuously , do they mean that it is compounded daily or is it done at a different frequency ?
0 it says at 4:47 that if he keeps his balance for 365 days , but should n't it be 364 days ?
0 in the video he calculates the number to the power of 365 but on day one , the number in this case : 1.0006274. does not get multiplied so why does he not do the calculation to the power of 364 ?
0 does any one know of a good cal state university where i can major in anthropology ?
0 do you have any idea whether the chickens feel okay with this ?
0 has khan academy thought of contacting walter o'brien for an interview ?
1 so how exactly does one determine their fit ( reach , best fit or backup ) for a university ?
0 if i fund a roth ira with money i 've already paid taxes on , ex : savings , will i be taxed again when i fund the ira ?
0 i understand you 're buying shares , but would n't that mean taking the money out of the account ?
1 when after 5 yrs of contributing to a roth you decide no longer to contribute , will it automatically just re-invest every month for an indefinite period ?
0 so who was the senator trying to help ?
1 when you make an ira account , are you allowed to contribute money into your account many times as you 'd like , or just once ?
1 my question is , do you always assume the amount of tax income in your traditional ira ( when withdrew ) or roth ira ( before putting in ) to be your highest bracket level ?
1 if you needed to lend $ 3400 to your brother , and wanted to take that money out of your traditional ira , would n't you want to actually take out more than $ 3400 so that after taxes you were actually left with the $ 3400 that your brother needed ?
1 the housing counts as a part of financial aid , or i have to pay that ?
0 if the bank agrees to a short sell , it will be a 30k loss to the bank ?
1 2 ) in case of excessive sale amount would the bank return the extra amount to customer ?
0 any suggestions for single parentsup to trying to get back in nursing school needs scholarship ?
1 when a bank forecloses on your house do they gain all the equity or do you get the remaining equity after the bank has taken the amount for their loan+interest owed ?
0 would it get passed on to his family ?
1 when we say fixed rate , does that mean that if we take a mortgage of 160,000 dollars we pay 5 % each month on the 160,000 dollars regardless of whether we have paid some of that mortgage ?
0 are they charging us interest on that ?
0 how is it the same as doing 100 x ( 1.1^2 ) or to the n if we continue ?
1 is interest what the bank pays u or what u pay the bank ?
1 why do n't you use the a=p ( 1+r/n ) ^nt to calculate compoumd interest ?
0 what if the question does n't give me the principal ?
1 is there an advantage in increasing compound interest to combine 2 accounts , for example one that has $ 6,000 and another that has $ 90,000 ?
1 example : i have $ 10000 and put it into fixed deposit .how many money i get next year ?
0 i have tried 750* ( 1+4.5/100 ) ^4 but my textbook says that the answer is : $ 69.81 how do i get to that answer ?
1 how the credit card interest rate and bank interest rates are different ?
1 i mean what are the disadvantages of compound interest ?
0 what do you do if your in dept ?
0 how do you solve it ?
1 do you still get credit for 3 years of a language ?
0 or should i even take them if i want to go for law ?
0 what will they do then ?
1 at 1:28 - can you do more than 2 years of a foreign language ?
0 also , can you take a language course in khan academy ?
0 if i want to be a phlebotomist that works with blood , what kind of college should i go , should i go to a medical school ?
0 since sal was on the topic of engineering schools , which of these universities is better , caltech , stanford , or uc berkeley ?
1 when should i start applying for scholarships ?
0 how many high school level fine-art classes is it advisable to take ?
1 i know that ib gives international credit , but generally just in america , how does it make a difference from ap ?
1 who exactly is philip rosedale ?
0 what if you want to become an actor ?
0 how to do business responsibly vs humanity ?
1 while yes , i do understand why we need to have diverse schools to give every student an equal chance to graduate and get a good job and everything , how is it fair that some races get admission into top schools easier than other races ?
0 how does this company 's profits compare to other banking ideas ?
0 what research did they do for their product , for the market , and for laws/regulations relating to their product and business ?
1 so where are antibiotics and hormones derived from ?
1 how much study has been done on high enzyme count and long term side effects on the dna nd how it is transferred into humans when it is genetically engineered vs naturally cultured in a range dictated by natural selection ?
1 is there a difference between equity and net worth ?
0 then what does the equity do ?
0 and is it worth trying ?
0 what would you suggest for home-schooled students who have no one to provide letters of recommendation for them ?
1 can you ask letters of recommendation from employers ?
1 can i apply for financial aid if i did n't apply to all the colleges i wanted to yet ?
0 can you help please i m stressed ... ?
1 if i add additional payments ( lets say a second payment each pay period ) down on the principal , but everything else ( interest , payment value , etc ) stays the same , how could i figure out the change in time it would take to pay off the loan ?
0 how would this formula change based on that ?
0 i am somewhat confused 2:14. what exactly does 1 have to do with it ?
1 how are payments in arm 's calculated ?
0 because the monthly interest compounds more often ?
0 why should they be different ?
0 are there any schools that are primarily stem schools ?
0 can international students get into this kind of university ?
0 which is the best college for becoming a veterinarian ?
1 does the bachelors degree add on two years after the associates degree ?
1 many people say college is a hug experience and they are proud and that people who go to there classes want to be there but how do you balance a job and school ?
0 even say the sun is way , way larger than the moon , it can still seem small , have you ever stood on a high place and look down below ?
0 i 'm wondering , is university similar ?
0 what should international applicants do in order to get into a good college ?
0 why are colleges soooo expensive ?
0 do they say `` not community college '' ?
0 you can go up and talk to anyone ?
1 between the act and the sat ... how do collages view them differently ?
1 would advanced placement exams be considered `` standardized tests '' ?
1 when can you start taking sat and act ?
1 how do i know whether to take the sat or act ?
0 if you scored higher on the act than the sat or vice versa , would it be better to show both tests to the university or only the highest scoring one ?
0 i am in the class where the sat is about to change , but i have already taken the old sat once , so can i only take the new sat one time because its preferred to only take the sat twice ?
1 if 32,987 is the amount you would owe the lenders after one year because they lent you $ 100 , should n't sal write it without the percentage sign at 9:44 ?
1 at around 8:12 , when solving for the effective apr , why does the expression have to be ( 1.25 ) to the 26th power ?
1 what 's the point of apr ?
1 why does the eapr is 32,987 % ?
1 ... and how you do n't loose focus in your vision ?
0 or they based on us economics ?
1 i understand his current calculations , but arent mortgage rates closer to 3 percent then they are to 6 ?
0 at around 3:00 , is he saying you have to pay the bank to have your money in cash ?
0 so would n't he owe even more to the bank therefore making his liabilities higher and decreasing his equity further ?
1 does the bank give your original assets ( money that you put as downpayment ) back , or do they keep everything ?
1 do home equity loans have interest ?
0 do i get it from the bank ?
1 what are the benifits of being creative ?
1 my question generated from your talk is that what if you have put the work in but have not been recognised , rewarded or neither of either of the r 's ?
1 is there a formula for finding out how many `` investors '' there will be in any week ?
1 why dont the investors start getting suspicous and asking questions about all the secrecy ?
1 how does the ponzi scheme runner manage to hide that he hasnt invested what they gave the leader of the ponzi schene ?
0 and wouldnt the federal reserve or the treasury find out about this , they are monitoring big coorprations after all ?
1 is it possible to cover up that a ponzi scheme is happening by decreasing the asset value on the statements that the investors receive ?
0 how is it im not gunna whatch it haha ?
0 anyone want to make a scheme along with me ?
1 what would your argument be if someone says flying ( as a pilot ) is too life threatening ?
1 what could be considered an extracurricular activity ?
1 would being an njhs president in 8th grade help in the college application or is that too early for the college to even pay attention to that fact ?
0 or any other types of extracurricular that i can do by myself ?
1 question 1 : why is it so important that i be the captain of something ?
0 why would any one do homework ?
0 or were exposed to something , a situation , that challenged your beliefs or morals ?
1 is it absolutely necessary to submit a supplemental essay along with common application essay ?
0 any recommendations for medical school personal statement essays ?
1 you need an urgent loan to clear your debts , or you need a capital loan for your business ?
0 1. determine and define your business - who are you ?
0 hey , i love this idea - especially as a freelancer who mostly works from home , or coffee shops : ) coffeeandpower.com is not working - is this the right website for this ?
0 are we then to say that timid should not survive and the new way of working is only for the aggressive ?
0 and does that actually depend , the way most banks at least postulate it , on any index like the treasury thingy or even if some banks do it , the inflation levels ?
0 what is the highest degree you can get at any university ?
0 my home school does n't offer any extracurricular activities so how can i get extra credit if i do n't have t ?
0 how can i succeed in college ?
0 what are the best colleges for learning astronomy ?
0 also , after i go to college , do i have to go to vet school ?
0 what program does he use to write on ?
0 what are you going to find and connect with ?
0 which fly in which web ?
0 months 1-12 add up to around $ 20500 but 5.5 % of 375000 is $ 20625 , is there something i 'm missing ?
0 do you need funds to finance your project ?
0 will housing prices drop in the future ?
1 our economy and job growth are slowing down and most have part time jobs in future will the only valuble option be renting and owning a house a luxury or will eventually our market crash resulting in better prices for people to own housing again ?
1 planning on buying a house ( with your girlfriend , wife , whatever ) can you still go and ask for deduction ?
0 are you likely to need the money any time soon ?
0 where is the download folder ?
0 for most businesses of these types , are there usually only this many people ?
1 how do you know what to draw like anything like art or anything else ?
1 also , would it be possible to stop participating in the 401 ( k ) and roll it into a roth ira and take out the principle without penalty ?
1 at 6:59 , why would the employer want to match or even exceed the contribution made to the 401 ( k ) ?
0 can i change my 401k to an ira ?
1 what does it mean that the company `` matches '' your 401k ?
1 contributions to ira and 401k are `` pre-tax '' contributions , but do you and/or employer still pay the fica on that amount ?
0 i want opinions : should i ... 1. live at home , or- 2. live on campus and what variables should affect this decision ?
0 what should i be doing now ?
0 where do i start him on khan academy math ?
0 i pass in 12th class in 2017.i wanted to know that my marks in all subjects is like that here is my all marks : - eng 61 , physics 51 , chemistry 53 , biology 55 and in physical education 61. so is i am eligible to get admission in mbbs ?
0 is sal born in india or america ?
0 how many masters degrees did you earn ?
0 i am currently in online school but still have to take end of semester tests at school but those tests there are about different things than what they are teaching online and i 'm afraid i 'm going to fail what do i do ?
0 what are some ways to find out what i want to do before it is to late to decide what i want in life ?
1 not sure if this is off topic , but if i want to go to a pretty selective art college ( 8 % acceptance rate to be exact ) , how should i divide my time between making sure my grades are sparkly and keeping up my own independent art study ?
0 hi i 'm from afghanistan i heard a lot about khan academy can anyone tell me if it is helpful ?
0 is there a class for writing ?
0 do all colleges have online classes ?
0 if you do n't , why should we go to college ?
0 did you attend a university 's ?
0 i wonder : how did he know all the stuff he knows today ?
0 hi , i want to study astrophysics and become a astronaut and go to mars in 2025 , i now its high hopes but what university do i go to to study that ?
1 and also , does high scores predict your success in later life ?
0 is college a very stressful environment ?
0 i see you say you have a older sister and i was going through nepali translate sentences how come it is translated as a little sister than older sister ?
0 who was the first to financially aid you when khan academy was just getting started ?
1 do you think that whether you go to a public or private high school affects which college you get into ?
0 if i am not accepted in a college , what can i do otherwise to enhance my knowledge and skill-set with college quality education ?
0 what are the processes through which i have to go ?
0 was college hard for you ?
0 what college did you attend ?
1 do you see a future where people without the financial resources who want to be educated can get a college degree ?
0 at 3:35 in the video she speaks of working with a particular disability , what is that ?
0 or those with other learning disabilities ?
1 do you guys have advice for the uc application ?
0 how do they work out how much the difference in risk is worth to them in terms of lowering the interest rate from that of a 30 years fixed loan ?
1 if i have a 15 year fixed mortgage , it means i have a 15 year amortization ?
1 should i invest my retirement with anyone who is n't a fiduciary ?
1 what are the mechanics of how pete receive the 1 % of his salary ?
1 within high school , should i be focussing more on wanting to get good grades ( be it a 's or b 's ) in order to actually attempt to get into good colleges ?
1 why do colleges care about extracurriculars even if they do not affect education ?
1 if this is really how the whole credit card system operates , then why would n't retailers offer a small percentage discount to customers who pay cash for purchases , instead of using their card ?
0 or can be part of multiple network ?
0 why is it so easy to remember your code for it and some of them are long ?
1 can a bank be a member of more than one network ?
1 can / do banks usually provide more than one credit card ?
1 why do some retailers charging extra fees if customer using credit cards ?
1 why would visa let the acquiring banks to do this and get some profit , if not much , out of the transaction fee ?
0 do anyone know about the helpful videos on khanacadamy for international students like her ?
0 what is in this concept of ( 1.1 ) ?
0 with 200 and 300 how can you do this in a fast time ?
0 in which type of interest ?
1 shouldnt everyone use compound interest ?
1 so , in what scenario would a bank ever want to allow a person to take a loan that will be continuously compounded ?
0 could someone please help me ?
1 so , would the fact that it is a religious college mean that i would be required to participate in religious activities ?
0 what kind of are the most succesfull ?
0 when you 're talking to students , professors , and admissions counselors about schools you 're considering , ask about the overall academic culture ( cut-throat or collaborative ?
0 how or could this affect me and my company ?
0 do they get to choose what they get to choose what the debtor has or nah ?
1 what is the best way to build your credit ?
1 are n't you legally bound to repay the mortgage regardless of what happens to your house ?
1 how can a customer know what you sell , or even that you exist at all , if you do n't inform them ?
1 what does that mean to someone trying to buy a car , ad why are dealers always advertising this ?
0 if the interest is compounded daily , do they charge you the daily interest on the balance held at the end of each day ?
1 what exactly is `` credit balance '' ?
0 my father and i go through different viewpoints while working together pretty often and i always wonder if there is a way for both of us to see each others side and really figure out which way would work the best ?
1 what 's the danger of applying to more if you can afford ( or find funds ) for it ?
1 why not just go to a community collage for less money , than transfer to your desired school ?
0 at 13:20 was the doubling of 7,800 to 15,600 corrected to double 6,800 to 13,600 ?
1 i thought in this case of roth i ca n't use $ 5000 for deduction , whereas in tradition i can use this for deduction ?
1 what happens if you want to compound monthly ?
1 i have a few more years in high school but till i 'm out what is a good way to keep my grades and studies up ?
0 how does that come about ?
1 or is the deposit of 9000 $ in this case just going to the escrow account as a sign of good faith , and it is later transferred to the bank as part of the down-payment on the home loan ?
0 mechanical engineer or medical doctor ?
1 is the psat the practice sat ?
1 how does the asset under management benefit pete inc ?
0 but would sal own all the company , most of it , or none of it ?
0 if they do n't , why not ?
1 are there talented programs that a middle schooler could use to prepare for college ?
1 is taking gce a level courses equivalent ( when applying to college ) to ap courses ?
1 exactly how much are the extracurricular activities looked at ?
0 will it count when colleges are looking for your profiles ?
0 and all this requires an internet connection right ?
1 can a creditor also be an acquirer ?
1 if i pay $ 100 cash for my groceries , does n't the grocer receive that 2 % discount rate ?
1 so even though i am a part of bank a , if i buy groceries from a grocery store that is part of bank b , then bank b gets a cut of the money even though i , personally , am not even a part of bank b ?
0 what would they be considered ?
0 i 'm assuming this is adding another layer to which fees will need to be distributed across ?
1 or is the merchant taking a lost and force to pay a flat rate to the other parties involved ?
1 will these systems eventually be built on the blockchain ?
1 and if so , should n't businesses prefer credit cards issued by the same bank that made them enter the network ?
1 do the `` conditions '' or rates need to be approved by the acquirers ( and maybe even procesors ) ?
0 do they still get the 0.20 ?
1 what happens in case that the acquiring bank is the same the issuer ?
1 as in the bank that issues the credit card to the customer also had a deal with the grocer ?
1 in the video example , would bank a be an acquirer ?
1 who would typically get the annual fees that some credit cards charge ?
1 so if a retailer is banking with one bank ( for this question we will say capital one ) , then how is it that they can accept both visa and master card ?
1 how long does it take for an award letter to arrive to you ?
0 can you explain it better for me slowly and not fast ?
0 is there anything else i could do in that area of work ?
0 is it more willing to love for idea that makes you stay up to 2 am or is it a necessity ?
0 where did he get 1.1 from at 7:50 ?
0 sal you didnot explain the definiton correctly.what is exactly interest ?
1 as following yr 110 + 10 % ( 110 ) , i could n't understand how to get the 1.1 of 100 ( 1.1 ) .. and what is the square of 100 ( 1.1 ) ^2 representing ?
1 has simple interest ever been applied to real-world situations ?
0 where does it come from ?
1 so you get 10 % interest no matter how much money the original amount is ?
1 why do banks charge intrest ?
1 so the bank pays you to keep your money in the bank ?
0 is there a video for pi ?
1 why not rely only on simple interest ?
1 what was the balance ( including interest ) due on the note november 20 ?
0 like the principal at a public school , or a principal at a company , though nobody would call that person a principal , but i think you get the point , right ?
1 would i=prt work in these situations ?
1 what will be the value of the cd in 2 years ?
1 or can it be interest by month , or even day ?
0 money , or assured ownership of the house ?
1 is n't 5 % written .05 instead of .005 ?
1 are there such things as ''orientations '' at a university ?
1 how do you make apps ?
1 when you file for chapter 7 bankruptcy and all your assets are sold and divided amongst your creditors by the government , if that does n't suffice to pay back your creditors , will the government pay the difference ?
1 is there a type of bankruptcy that does forgive student loans ?
1 are chapter 7 ( liquidation ) for companies and chapter 7 ( straight bankruptcy ) the same chapter 7 ?
0 is n't this going to mean that the time duration will increase and still be declared a longer bankruptcy ?
0 how does bankruptcy in the us compare with bankruptcy compared to the uk for example ?
0 at 0:45 , what about gambling debts for example ?
0 i understand they are not enforceable -- does anyone have any info on this ?
0 can i straightaway skip to the 'stocks and bonds ' or any other part of economics and finance after intrest and debt ?
0 what about time management for future college students that are n't in high school anymore ?
0 and have bills and work to worry about ?
1 are there any tips on how to manage time if you 're already in college ?
0 where can we find them ?
1 why do you have to pay to take these tests ?
1 is it better to take the act with writing ?
1 is there some sort of practice test you can do for the act ?
1 how can i see my act score ?
1 what is a passing score ?
1 i want to major in the medical field so which tests will help me ?
0 in the beginning of the school year i started out with a high score in reading , but now i have begun to score low in the recent practice acts i have taken ?
0 why would her mom tell her not to go to college ?
0 who 's holding on to it ?
0 does anyone know how i can make/where i can get ( or buy ) videoinfographics like that ?
1 is there really such a thing as a perfect customer ?
1 why do public colleges cost more money than private colleges ?
1 i=stated annual interest rate ( in this video 22.9 % ) , n=number of compounding periods ( in this video 365 days ) ?
1 is it the 0,06274 % that i pay to the credit card company each day ?
1 hello , can anyone tell me how to calculate an annual percentage rate ?
0 would it not be easier to put it on a spreadsheet ?
0 would n't it be at time 0 , a = 1 , not at time 1 ?
0 is it going to the very best program ?
1 also , how do you decide which structure would be right for your company ?
0 does it give them indigestion ?
1 can international student ask for common application fee waiver ?
1 which schools are on your list right now ?
1 would the amount withdrawn from ira be part of the income ?
1 when sal refers to the principle amount in the roth ira , is this the amount of money you opened the account with or all money you have deposited in the account over the years ?
1 sal says , `` you might have to pay taxes ... '' what determines whether somebody has to pay taxes on the forgiven amount ?
1 because if the debtor pays the taxes for that $ 30k ( which is partly the loss of the bank ) , the tax just goes to the government not the bank , does n't it ?
1 is it legal for the bank to not report the short sale to credit agencies ?
1 if the bank agrees to a short sale , does down payment go back to the owner or the bank ?
0 any case studies in new york ?
0 money is money ( whether it is being paid for the loan/mortgage , or interest ) , right ?
1 does the interest go to a different bank than the amount being paid for the mortgage ?
1 is there any mortgage that works like the opposite of the fixed rate mortgage ?
1 can you go over a fha mortgage ?
1 at 13:28 , what does sal mean when he says `` when the bank will be taking a loss on your loan '' ?
1 can the treasury raise intrest at their will , or does it go wuth the ecomnmy ?
1 what is the definition of compound interest ?
1 this is how to calculate compounding interest ... how would you calculate simple interest ?
0 what would that look like ?
1 since the original amount of $ 100 will probably change through out the year with withdrawals and deposits , e.g at the end of the year it could be $ 62 or $ 130 , what amount in the account after one year do they use to calculate the interest ?
1 do all banks apply compound interest ?
1 in the video sal told that bank calculate interest continously.. when i check my bank website it told that it gives 5 % interest on saving account ( p.a ) what does really continuously mean.. does it mean it will compound my balance every hour or a month or only after a completion of year ?
1 how long does it actually take to double your money if you have 10 % compound interest ?
0 can somebody help me understand it ?
1 how do you make interest easy ?
1 and what is the difference between a landlord and real estate ?
1 so i cant take a continuous 3 yrs of math.. i have taken math only till 10th grade..am i at a disadvantage ?
1 also , i lived in canada for my whole life until grade eight and so im fluent in french and was one of the french immersion kids ( not french as a second language ) but now i 'm abroad for olevels and alevels and wan na go for university most probably back home or america so will french count ?
0 the video stated that extra curriculars are very important but what if you school offers nothing except the debate team and you suck at debating and you wan na get into a good university ?
1 so , if i did n't do very well in my 9th and 10th grade classes ( typically c+ to b+ except in language where i got a 99 average ) will i still be okay if i do well in my junior and senior years ?
1 when taking languages , how long do you have to take it before you can earn high school credit ?
0 which artist have you work for ?
1 hi i am camilla and i want to be an actress and a musician like around how much would i earn ?
1 what would one recommend-staying in my country and going to an iit ( the best engineering institute in india ) or aiming for an ivy league college if i want to become an engineer ?
1 any places for canadian students you recommend ?
0 am i going wrong somewhere ?
1 how much of an intellectual leap is college as compared to high school ?
0 how does an entrepreneur survive that waiting period , both mentally and financially ?
1 i 'm wondering where to find a reliable manufacturer ?
1 how does drawing bring a idea to a mind ?
0 do all colleges have them ?
1 are there any countries that do not allow your technology yet ?
0 why does he not talk about bioethics concerning animals ?
0 does he still have 250k in equity even though he gave that money to the home owner who sold the house to him ?
1 assets gives you a benefit in the future , right ?
1 if you were renting a house , would you consider your rent/ bills to pay a liability ?
1 should not the interest be on the liability side on the second sheet ?
1 why do you add a debt to the equation to find out what your assets are ?
1 how to buy a house ?
0 can i ask him for a letter of recommendation ?
1 can i ask my math tuition teacher to write my letter of recommendation ?
0 and is it a good thing ?
1 do i apply for housing at both schools once admitted even though i have n't made a choice yet ?
1 i 've been wondering how to get into college from a homeschooled backround ?
1 is it free to create an account with common application app ?
1 we have , p=l ( 1-r ) / ( r-r^ ( n+1 ) ) say we know : l=200000 , p=1200 , n=360 & i understand r=1/ ( 1+i ) how to solve the above equation to get the value of r , so that i can get the value of interest , i ?
0 can someone help me with an exercise from khan academy ?
1 how long is 'pi ' exactly ?
1 and what are the numbers ?
0 did anyone get it after watching it ?
0 is there any videos that are longer than this one ?
0 do i choose or the college chooses ?
1 first of all what is collage ?
0 but sometimes we may be confused what we should do ?
1 is it better to have amazing grades and a poor test score , or an amazing test score and poor grades ?
1 will it look better on your collage app as well that you take both of sat and act ?
1 whould you take the sat this fall or wait for the spring of next year to take the sat ?
1 what does rolling over the principle mean ?
1 so if that 's the case , why should i worry about the huge apr ?
1 having first dibs on the salary..does n't that lead to the people borrowing even more to pay rent ?
1 should entrepreneurship be taught at the high school/college level ?
1 was n't this technology taken from `` star trek ii : the wrath of khan '' ?
1 the bank that gave the initial loan would sell off the house and regain its money , but what about the bank that gave the h.e.l ?
1 why does the bank agree to a second loan ?
1 could you pay off loans with equity , and just go to the bank and say `` hey , i want to liquify my net worth '' ?
0 or is it a separate thing ?
1 does home equity loans have interest ?
1 where does the cash ( the loan ) come from ?
1 what is a home equity loan ?
1 after the house 's value raise to 1500000 and the equaty became 750000 from 250000 ← ( i know how it works ) but why the loan amount can up to 75 % what is it based on ?
1 do i have to pay for interest periodically ?
0 this playlist is in the 360 range that dates it to the original start of khan academy , i guess 2008 ?
1 also does the house lose value over time/depreciate like a piece of equipment would or does it increase in value as time passes ?
1 how do you plan for the future ?
1 so do you suggest any colleges to go to if i plan on being a architectural designer ?
1 so , essentially the last guy/s get screwed over ?
1 how similar is a multi-level marketing scheme ( network marketing ) to a ponzi scheme ?
1 what about 'investing ' in a ponzi scheme and withdrawing in the early days before it busts ?
1 and what if the economy takes a downturn , and investors pull their money out ?
1 hmmm ... the banking ponzi scheme is written into law ?
1 how did you manage the taxes and money ?
1 say i 'm in the 8th grade right , would it be too early to prepare for college ?
0 first thing you have to do for math , buy this book : http : //www.amazon.com/gp/offer-listing/1567655807/ref=tmm_pap_new_olp_sr ?
0 and even if it does n't , how can i be a leader in any extracurricular activity i partake in ?
0 if you could change one thing in this world what would that be ?
1 maybe ensure that a certain percentage of its mortgages are arms ?
0 does n't the bank just control that ?
0 how do you know if we have different classes ?
1 how do i know the customer 's demanad will be a good business chance in future ?
0 do you mean the artemis badge ?
1 what are the best college for lawyers in california ?
0 a way to gain certifications on here ?
0 where is marc ecko now ?
0 `` it 's chocolate , its peanut butter '' ?
1 how is it determined how much of the monthly payment goes towards interest and how much goes toward principal ?
0 does anyone know if mortgages work pretty much the same as this in the uk ?
0 does he explain how the monthly repayment is calculated in another video ?
1 when you pay for a mortgage does the amount of principal go through exponential growth and the amount of interest go through exponential decay ?
1 is it better to make a 20 % down payment on an investment property or use the 20 % down payment for investing in the stock or mutual fund market ?
0 can you please upload some content related to , performing arts ?
1 with the 401k , when the company matches every dollar you put in , lets say that you have put in $ 10,000.00 , so the company will put in another $ 10,000.00 for you ?
1 what happens if your employer mismanages the money in your 401k account ?
1 if i had a 401 ( k ) and an ira and maxed out my contributions , could i defer a total of 21,500 ?
1 the maximum contribution is 5k/year for traditional iras , but is n't that just per ira ?
1 if a genie granted you a wish to go to any college or universities of your choice what would they be and why ?
0 is khan academy suitable for home-school learning ?
1 what are some scholarship websites ?
1 in high school do you have to choose 3 sciences to get into a good uni/col ?
1 what did sal get a normal/bachelor/phd degree in ?
1 is there any way open for me to study in us ?
1 does going to a private school rather than a public school improve your chances of getting into a more prestigious college ?
0 guys , can you vote this comment ?
0 would there be quizes with the new update ?
1 i am from medium class family and i took old sat and got 1090 as well as toefl 64 how much scholarship can i get.because for my home it is extremely difficult to pay all fee.can i go to us collage or not ?
1 i just came back from nigeria and i completed my middle to high school there , only for me to get back here and i found myself in 12th grade where as i 'm meant to be in 11th grade so my question is : considering my circumstance , do you think i can still get into a good 4 year public college since i have n't even written the sat , act , or done hours ?
0 when did you create this website ?
1 is it possible for me to make it into a reputed 4 year , private university with financial aid , since i am from india or will my gpa pull me down ?
1 do you think sals helpful ?
1 does the gpa have to be greater than or equal to 3.5 ?
1 0:07 do all colleges need an application essay ?
0 will this really affect my college application and selection ?
0 why would you make this video ?
1 what type of college is a very competitive school in athletics ?
1 my question for you is , if i plan on taking only the molecular ( m ) portion of the 'sat subject exam two ' ( biology ) , is it necessary for me to also study the ecology ( e ) portion ?
0 can you not do simple arithmetic ?
1 how to apply for financial aid for college ?
1 what college did you attend and was it a scholarship ?
0 so what should i focus on right now ?
0 what if you can not apply for financial aid , but still are short on money ?
0 what if i get stuck on any problem or challenge ?
1 how do i get to college math ?
1 how can i choose the best college for me ?
1 do ivy league schools accept older students ?
1 one question - could a balloon mortgage loan be used to obtain higher value properties than you could normally afford ?
1 now the question comes , what should i do my masters in ?
1 which one do you advise for the learning disability student sat or act ?
0 is it too late for me to turn it around or am i stuck ?
1 are the fees for the retailers the same or lower , or are the terms and conditions completely different ?
1 around 5:45 , i was a little confused , does bank a make money off of bank b 's transactions as the issuer to the aquirer ?
0 do debit transactions work the same way ?
1 what happens if customers own credit cards from visa network want to buy something from stores only link to mastercard ?
0 would it be the issuer or would they split it ?
1 why does the grocery store need to have a relationship with bank b for them to accept the visa card ?
1 at 1:56 it says banks can be part of networks such as visa and amex ect ... , i was wondering can banks be part of multiple networks ?
1 bank a will have most of the $ 2 share , that means banks are more interesting in issuing credit cards than building up network of retailers , right ?
1 so my question is how does bank a make any money from this ?
0 so , just because he accepts credit cards , the person who is interested in paying with cash also has to pay more ?
0 see all the commercials on tv ?
1 does the european union have any any law binding member-states in this regard ?
0 how long do i have to pay it back ?
1 is it true that most of the college professors talk really fast so you cant catch what they are saying in time ?
0 what if you have a big dream but you have to go to college ?
1 can you apply when your in middle school ?
0 whats the best series in khan academy that will help you manage your money and starting a business ?
1 so basically if you had to pay 20 % for $ 100 would you just be multiplying by 20 every year you have n't payed back the $ 100 ?
0 are necessary to solve the total amount ?
0 but how would you find the amount of savings in an account after the time ?
1 where did the 1.1 come from on the example of simple vs compound interest ?
1 why would the borrower want to borrow my money but have to pay it back with interest ?
1 does a back slash mean per in 4:14 ?
1 is there a specific formula for simple interest and compound interest ?
1 the question i want to ask is the following : what annual rate of interest is necessary to give interest of 238 pounds after one year on an investment of 2800 pounds ?
1 if you lend me $ 10 , should you give me $ 1 more each year while i keep your $ 10 ?
1 so in simple interest you give the principal+interest of original amount while in compound interest you give the principal+interest of each amount following original amount ?
1 how much does title insurance costs ( say , on a $ 500k house ) , and is it a 1 time payment or ongoing payments ( say , yearly ) ?
1 what exactly does this insurance give you if you do have to use it ?
1 how can you tell whether a school would have easy or difficult classes ?
1 im currently taking : bible english geography chemistry and algebra i was wondering if all my highschool grades matter or just my jr and senior year ?
1 if i want to be a party designer what should i study ?
0 and that we dont realize it , like when she says `` ... i 'm from a genrally white area.. '' whats that supposed to mean ?
0 or is it just 7 years in every case regardless of the length of the plan ?
0 -'so is bancruptcy good in some cases are not ?
1 what happens if your assets also dont have the value of your debt payment and you dont have a job also ?
1 when people go bankrupt how many years does it take you to get out ?
1 so if in a family lets say the grandparents are at the end of their life with debt and no minimal assets , does n't this become an incentive to carry your debt to the grave ?
1 why is race such a big deal in college ?
1 where does the word escrow come from in history ?
1 what test does most universities prefer , the act or the sat ?
0 is there act practice on khanacademy website ?
1 what is the best test to take if i need special accommodations ?
0 how can khan academy help me do well on the english section of the act ?
0 i wonder , do many people entering business really think this ?
0 and so , if he doesnt compound the money on the first day , there are only 364 days left in the year , so why doesnt he compound the money by 364 times instead ?
1 so why does there have to be two interest rates why ca n't it just be simple interest rate and not the compound rates ?
0 does n't the credit card company give him the $ 1 to use like the loan company did ?
1 the effective apr 25.7 % .. where the number coming from ?
0 which of the following gives the smallest effective yield ?
0 why does sal need the parenthesis for the following ?
1 when you have an idea , what is the process of actually creating a business ?
0 why can this type of model work for some but break others ?
1 and why do you think all schools would be a reach ?
0 when you add in the principal $ 5000 in both accounts , in the roth ira example , do they tax specifically the roth ira contribution , you subtracted ( $ 5000principal- $ 1600tax = $ 3400contribution ) ?
1 can you only invest in an ira through income or can you put in more money from other savings ?
1 could one go into detail about how to decide what type of investments to make with your principal in an ira account ?
1 do the fixed rates adjust to inflation over their periods ?
1 on each monthly mortgage payment , why is a certain percentage interest and a certain percentage principal ?
0 what if you have the money already ?
0 if so , how much is the interest and how often does it go up ?
1 which is considered better simple or compound interest ?
1 is log used for both kinds of interests , or is it just used for one type of interest ?
1 why not just take the natural log of both sides and solve for x ?
1 where does the bank get the extra money to pay you , and how do the employees earn money ?
1 how much interest is earned on a principle of $ 646 invested at a compound interest rate of 5 % compounded annually for 10 years ?
1 and when is if effective and useful to apply compound interest ?
1 for someone that is starting a small business , and is new to finance , what would be better : compound interest or simple interest ?
1 perhaps another way to ask , is compounding just a procedure that we assign a rate to ?
0 if she retires ten years from now and interest is 6.5 % compounded semi-annually , how much must she deposit into an account every six months starting now ?
1 what is the annual compounded return that gives you 3.7 times your money in 6 years ?
1 ( drop the % sign ) example 1 : how many years will it take me to double my money if i get 6 % interest ?
0 $ 2,000 deposit , compound interest , compounded annually , at 6 % for 2 years can someone please help ?
1 what formula do i use when i add monthly deposits to the initial deposit ?
0 where did he get the ( 1.1 ) from ?
0 if its about what we want , why are we not being heard ?
0 and what classes should i take ?
1 i 'm a junior and i study in pittsburgh and i want my major to be pre-med and i was wondering , like you said its good to apply to many colleges , but what if i do n't know what colleges are good on that field , what can i do to find out how good a college is on the field that i want ?
0 process for getting the phd in physics ( ( ( not for becoming doctor ) ) ) means 1. undergraduate and so on ?
1 how hard a college is ?
0 does anyone know of some good sites to look and compare colleges and scholarships ?
1 any advice for time management in high school ?
1 what is a fraternity or a sorority ?
1 are n't chickens generally healthier if they 're allowed to be free range and able to scratch the ground for their own food ?
1 would you include interest charges on your 750k loan in your liabilities ?
0 will it be random or categorised by the type of asset ?
1 what 's the reason that assets are on the left side , and liabilities are on the right side ?
1 and is building net the same as building ?
0 then for the remaining term we would take it 's limit and prove it equals 0 ... is this a correct approach and is n't there an easier one ?
0 meaning is it r^10-1+r^10-2+ ... .r^10-10 ?
1 is it the effective apr that is related to the 6 % - i mean you divide 6 % by 12 months to acquire the monthly compounding interest rate that the borrower would , in fact , have to pay , am i right ?
1 how can i 1. calculate monthly payment// 2. realize the interest by deducting initial fee ?
1 is there any way for me to apply for scholarships without having decided on what i want to do yet ?
0 i wonder if i 'll work at colleges i go to ?
1 do i have to wait untill i have to graduate from high school first to fill out that paper or naw ?
0 say i loan 100 of ( suppose something like ) rycoins currency and oly us 75 ryc ?
0 because the interest rate is compounding interest rate ?
1 is engineering a good major for entrepreneurship ?
0 am i right or wrong ?
1 can you reduce liabilities with assets or equity ?
1 are there any financially responsible reasons for getting a home equity loan ?
1 could it be considered good practice to use the increase of the home equity against the interest rate of the initial loan used to buy the house ?
1 do balance sheets not take into account the interest that will be owed in addition to the loan amount when calculating liabilities ?
1 would n't a 750k loan be a greater liability than $ 750k as interest is paid over time ?
0 is it continuous or periodic ?
1 my question is that if a homeowner can deduct 100k from his/her 750 equity and turn it into cash ; why do they have to borrow extra money from the bank ?
0 does anything come to the person ?
1 understanding this and how the money system work ( creation of money by the debt ) , is it fair to say our money system is a ponzi-scheme ?
0 if we all went to our respective banks to claim our money back , surely she would not be able to satisfy all of us , would she ... ?
1 isnt the posterior pituitary the one that releases oxytosin and adh ?
1 what is the role of oxytocin in male ?
1 which term refers to bulging eyeballs ?
1 which hormone stimulates the production of thyroid hormone ?
1 is n't oxytocin the hormone that deals with pleasure , or is that something else ?
1 does the heart and the kidney have any endocrine functions ?
1 what is the mechanism of hgh effect on growth of soft tissues ?
0 and is the puitary gland sending that information to the other glands ?
0 can you make a part of the exocrine system in the basic anatomy section also ?
1 do we know a specific reason why evolution went this way ?
1 do all people have the same symptoms or are they different per person ?
1 is there one more person like maslow in the world ?
0 it makes me think that the older you are at onset the better equipped you are to handle it ?
0 what if she lies on her right side ?
1 why does lithium cause ebsteins ?
1 in the equation about cellular respiration , can we say that glucose is being oxidized because it loses hydrogen ?
1 i cant got this concept that when or why the proton jump from alpha spin state to beta spin state ?
1 can any other nuclei absorb energy and give a readout for nmr ?
0 perhaps a he nuclei or some other larger atom ?
1 should n't the energy difference between alpha and beta states be constant ?
1 what about when we are not talking about polyatomic ions like just bromine how would we identify if its name is bromide , or bromate , or bromite ?
1 at 7:40 , if you choose the iupac naming , does the acetic benzoic anhydride change to benzoic ethanoic anhydride ?
0 is n't there this thing called the thalamus that is above the hypothalamus ?
1 why is hypothalamus not called 'mater gland ' instead of pituitary gland ?
1 `` pituitary gland actives in our early days '' is it true ?
1 can someone give me a rundown of the hypothalamus ?
1 at 10:50 - 11:00 , are n't the hormones released by hypothalamus that direct the pituitary gland called neuroendocrine hormones ?
1 how does the cells know that a hormone is being radioed to them and get ready with their receptors ?
0 i got distracted for a second , then i heard that and i looked at the computer like what the heck ?
0 how does this perceived trend conflict with maslow 's pyramid , if at all ?
0 where do i find this sherpa and does he take visa/mastercard ?
0 so why does the kidney produce more bicarb , which would the increase the body 's alkalinity further ?
1 at 5:50 , can we say that the ratio of c : o 1:2 in co2 allows us to imagine that the carbon from glucose has been oxidised ?
0 could you explain why this is not the case and there 's actually a larger energy difference for deshielded protons ?
0 how could this be so when more shielded protons absorb at lower frequency ?
1 in 2:29 if we thought about the situation in the example the induced magnetic field would go up not down , would n't it ?
1 does radon increase chance of cancer because it is radioactive ?
0 are there more ion pumps so that there are greater gradients and so it takes longer to hit the typical thresholds ?
1 why would there be one fragment larger than another ?
0 is there a video explaining separation on the basis of isoelectric focusing ?
0 what do the bands that match represent ?
0 and what is the meaning ?
1 can polyacrylamide gels be used for the analysis of plasmid dna ?
0 thats why asking ) .so will posting here be effective enough ?
0 instead of using cosine formula , why ca n't we use the projection formulae ?
1 so is depression the only study of psychology ?
1 what 's the difference between the act and the sat ?
0 would it be bad if we decide not to do it ?
0 can you still use old test prep books to study ?
1 can cancer in a different area of the heart cause a pea because of tissue mutation ?
1 i wonder what the difference is between the scapegoating mentioned in the video and the psychoanalytic idea of displacement ?
1 how do we `` lose '' fat / weight ?
0 _r=0 http : //www.autism-help.org/comorbid-tourette-syndrome-autism.htm http : //journals.cambridge.org/action/displayabstract ?
1 what age do you typically get ibs or ibd ?
1 how does circulatory system work under normal conditions ?
1 can translation also occur in the rough endoplasmic reticulum because does n't it also contain ribosomes ?
0 well the time equals the distance divided by the speed , so if ( vwts - vsts ) = the distance then vw = the speed and t , the period equals the time… do you have any other questions ?
1 how did we get the name 'doppler 's ' effect ?
0 i think it need to be multiplied with vs. how could it become ?
1 at 2:30 i dont understand , if period time is 2 seconds , that means 1 period - which is 1 wavelength - needs 2 seconds , if speed is 5 m/s , the wavelenght should be 10 meters or not ?
0 so theoretically i could learn dog ?
1 what about in case of work being done on the gas by applying external force ( piston moving down ) , meaning would pressure still remains constant while work is being done on the system and in addition there is a supply of heat from the bottom ?
0 would n't it enter the refractory period after the 1st one ?
1 can dust be a trigger for asthma ?
1 how likely is it for someone who has allergies to have asthma and/or eczema ?
0 is he allergic to anything ?
1 are you only born with asthma or you can develop it ?
1 how do people get asthma ?
1 if asthma is when the `` little vacuum tubes '' are being constricted by the `` smooth muscle '' and being blocked by mucous , then what is it when your airways are just being blocked by mucous ?
0 could mold also be a factor of an asthma attack ?
1 is there anyway for the smooth muscle around the lumen to stop contracting ?
1 how do you know if you have asthma ?
1 also , what kinds of drugs are in inhalers ?
1 can asthma be a genetic disease that is passed on from family members ?
1 my dad has asthma and it gets really bad at times which worries me greatly.. is there anything he or i can do to help it ?
1 how do i stop an asthma attack ?
1 how are some people born with asthma ?
1 does n't a lot of people have allergies ?
1 i see a lot of common traits between asthma and allergy ; what are the differences between them ?
1 how do you know you have asthma ?
1 are lethal asthma attacks common ?
1 blood plasma , serum ... the diff ?
0 are there other causes to asthma ?
1 what happens if you have very small asthma ?
1 how to handle a person at home in an emergency , who have asthma ?
0 is there a way to stop it ?
1 can you get asthma later on in life when your older ?
1 how does an inhaler pump the meds into someone ?
1 can you die from asthma ?
0 is that just a different type of asthma ?
1 can u get asthma when your running fast ?
1 with that said , is asthma disease a congenital abnormality/disease rather than one caused by foreign allergens around our environment ?
0 why assume both are required for the diagnosis ?
1 can asthma reduce as children get older ?
1 does asthma usually form at an early age and then get more serious or does it start at practically any age you are ?
1 is there a ... cure for asthma ?
1 i know the inhaler sends medicine to open the airways for a while but is there any drugs that can keep them open for a lifetime or more then 6 years ?
1 how long do sperms live ?
0 hey `` w '' cant be equal to one ?
0 is there any difference between the two ?
1 how is bone an example of connective tissue ?
1 why would cuboidal tissue line tubules be associated with secretion ?
0 at 5:45 , how does light get polarized after reflection ?
0 is it because it reduces the intensity of the incident light which otherwise might have damaged our vision.. ?
0 i do n't get what do you mean by an electric field pointing up ?
1 is it like only the things above can get affected by that electric field and the things below can not , or it is positive while it is pointing up ?
1 do charged particles interact with the electric and magnetic field components of light.if yes then is there any daily life experience related to it ?
0 hi skyminer , this link may help - wait for the parts with the paper slit demo : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ?
0 what 's the relationship between electricwaves and light ?
0 what about the magnetic field ?
1 why cant we see electric fields that move left to right ?
1 or how would the phase shift take place ?
1 what will the ray look like for a wave that only goes up ?
1 how does the plastic limit it 's polarity ?
1 in the last concept , if i send two differently polarized light with phase difference of pi/2 what will i see ?
1 how can be reflected light ray isolated to a single axis ?
0 and the equations used to find them ?
0 actually , what is it ?
0 its better if i work on one passage , finish that passage and then move to the next one ?
0 how do these sections compare to the real test ?
0 at 2:40 in the video , what if they tell you that x is greater then 10 or something larger ?
0 how come it would n't be in a neutral form ?
0 so why is n't call reduced ... did you mean that when it does the disulfide bond is when the oxidization happens ?
1 does the loss of protons equal to gain of electrons ?
0 as the sulfur compound has gained electrons through the process ?
1 what is so significant about the disulfide bond formed between two cyseteines ?
1 can someone explain the relationship between kinetic energy and centripetal acceleration at the top of the loop ?
1 at the top of the loop , you only have the weight of the object acting on it right ( and the normal reaction force on the object ) ?
1 and why is it wrong to measure the pe at the top of the loop and conclude that 's also the initial energy in the system ?
1 how we will do in case of frictionif friction exists till the starting of loop-d-loop ?
0 then why does acceleration/force change as sal is saying , it is the maximum at the top of the circle ?
0 why is he adding the kinetic energy to the potential energy ?
1 when sal does 1/2mv^2 , he forgets to do square 9.8. was it mistake , or it is just my imagination ?
1 pe of spring , pe=1/2 ( 10 ) ( x ) ^2 so , 78.4=1/2 ( 10 ) ( x ) ^2 which equals =3.96 meters is this correct ?
0 what is the final answer pls ?
1 please help ... .. i used the sine rule first.. sina/a = sinb/b=sinc/c=1/2c ( since c = 30 degrees ) so , sina/a=1/2c so , a/c= 2sina -- -- -- - i and similarly b/c = 2sinb -- -- -- -- -- -- -ii adding i and ii a+b/c = 2 ( sina+sinb ) -- -- -- -- -- iii a+b/c=x^2+x+1+x^2-1 / 2x+1 = x so a+b/c = x -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -iv from iii and iv x=2 ( sina+sinb ) x=2 ( 2sin ( a+b/2 ) cos ( a-b/2 ) ) x=4cos15 cos ( a-b/2 ) how to find cos ( a-b/2 ) ?
1 after you 've got rid of the swelling and scar tissue , can your muscles move back to normal right away ?
1 at 9:03 how does comparison to others exactly help maintain our self esteem ?
0 have they been in use in pre-psychological studies like philosophy ?
0 i 'm not able to here it well > > is there any thing with the audio can be changed ?
0 are there some mutation not good not bad , right ?
1 so in the modified semantic networks and spreading activation , are these phenomenons affected by our schemas ?
1 if the heart muscle is contracted , would n't the aorta have the blood and not the ventricle ?
0 will it be greater or less or equal to 1 newton ?
1 if i exert pressure on a table how does the table exert pressure on me ?
0 say all the forces were different amounts - what would happen then ?
1 i thought by the newton 's third law of motion , to every action there is always an equal and opposite reaction , so should friction be exerting a force of 3 newtons since the guy is exerting 3 newtons in the opposite direction ?
1 but in the third scenario when the rock was on the ground and the guy was pushing the rock , why is it that when the guy was applying 3n of force , there was only 2n of force acting opposite to it ?
1 at 3:00 , if the purple guy were to push with a force of 1n , would the force of friction still be 2n or 1n ?
1 @ 7:58 wo n't the orange character have friction pushing back on his applied force ?
1 a balloon is flying in sky freely what is the force acting on it ?
0 however , my question is that , if the guy was said to push the rock with a force of 1 kg ( or any other number in the kilogram unit ) , would there still be a way to convert the kilograms to newtons and to add to the current force of friction ?
1 if i have pushed a rock with 1n and it has already friction of 2n what is going to be the case ?
1 is it possible that the normal force of the ground is higher than the weight of the rock ?
0 i 'm kind of a newbie but why do he write meters per second squared instead of just meters per second ?
1 wo n't the force of friction also play a part when the second guy ( in the last scenario ) is pushing ?
0 why do these forces not cancel each other ?
0 there 's no such thing as an immovable object or an unstoppable force ( in the common meaning of the words when people ask this question ) but this video addresses the question you are asking https : //www.youtube.com/watch ?
1 how can the force of friction change ?
0 in this case , would n't the total force of the larger person on the left be 6n and not 4n ?
1 why isnt there air resistance in scenario 3 and 5 ?
1 is a net force the same as a resultant force ?
0 does the normal force equalize the former force everywhere ?
0 are there any videos about the force of friction ?
0 what exactly is it , and how would it be calculated ?
1 is it possible to grasp level 4 materials , beginning from level 2 , within this allotted time ?
0 with the khan academy program is it able to help us with the real sat test that we could score a full 1600 score ?
1 how many times should a student take the sat during their junior year ?
1 my question is , can i take more than one test per session ?
1 can i import my old sat scores and get a personalized practice based on it too ?
0 have you taken the diagnostic quizzes and started using our practice system ?
1 is the system reusing the same questions ?
0 for both of the equations , why must we divide by vw ?
0 what if i wanted to work out the velocity of the wave , and i knew the initial frequency , the change of frequency and the time period ?
0 is there a 'form ' of the formula which allows us to calculate this variable ?
0 if you were to determine to after more than one period lengths had gone by would you just multiple vsts by the number of cycles that had passed ?
0 not sure what you mean by representing graphically ?
0 the distance from the second observer to the center will be v sub w times t sub s , right ?
0 what happens if the observer is not at rest , i mean if the observer and the source move towards or away from each other ?
0 for example , what if mom has o- and baby has o+ ?
1 would n't blowing up part of the fetal heart result in killing the fetus ?
0 what if i have a problem that includes h ( n ) and i 'm given f ( a number ) and three equations ?
0 is there any specific rule ?
0 could you maybe give me a link to another video ?
0 how do they cause the microtubules to move past each other ?
1 how would you solve for the velocity of the observer if the observer first goes towards the source then away from the source ?
1 what is a tip to be a fast reader while understanding it at the same time ?
0 why do we have to see this if it does n't have to do with the real story we have to do ?
0 of the us goverment when they gave the people it ?
0 ca n't cultures cross geographic or political boundaries into more than one society ?
1 how to draw right ventricular and atrial pressure curve ?
0 well 9 % is 9/100 right ?
1 how do you find the percentage if the homozygous dominant is the only one given ... ?
1 is there only white blood cells in the lymph nodes once they are matured , or are they floating around so that they can fight bacteria everywhere ?
1 what is the logic behind considering two carbons instead of 1 when encountered with a double bond ?
1 question : ( 0.30 ) why do we describe the vector n = ai + bj + ck and not n = ( ai , bj , ck ) ?
1 `` n dot ( p - p1 ) = 0 '' , what is the locus of those line segments `` p - p1 '' ?
1 what would the length of the normal vector signify ?
1 is every point in a plane given by a positional vector ?
1 has a normal vector something to do with the normal in gravity ( physics ) ?
1 i mean how can we even say vector `` on '' the plane since the vector is just a length and direction ?
0 any idea how to do this ?
1 why cant the svc and ivc get plugged into the pa straight away ?
1 and also would this child have a shortened life expectancy and various probes with oedema due to the use of 1 pump ?
1 would n't oxygen deshield the proton nearby more than chlorine would ( since oxygen is more electronegative ) ?
1 the red proton is next to the oxygen which is more electronegative than chlorine so should n't the red proton be at a lower position because the more electronegative oxygen will de-shield it ?
1 at 10:11 what happens if both sides os the cahmbers get blocked ?
1 can a heart-attack cause lasting trauma to your brain ?
1 if you had four quadruplets with exactly the same genome and raised them in controlled environments so that their environment was exactly the same , would they be identical ?
1 what would happen if there was no mucin ?
1 can you please explain the lining of the stomach walls clearly ?
1 what type of peptide bonds hydrolyze pepsin ?
1 why does our stomach make noise when empty ?
0 also , would n't the same rationale apply for trying to place the p coordinate all the way down to y value 6 , since there would be no room to put the q coordinate ?
0 are there other mechanisms in our immune system that prevents this from happening ?
1 if our immune system kills infected cells and pathogens in fluids , how do sicknesses worsen and end occasionally in death ?
0 or is it just the leukocytes that have type ii ?
1 the one thing i do n't understand is if you have cytotoxic t cells and memory t cells and all that good stuff killing off cancer cells , why do people with cancer die ?
1 my biology book says that cytotoxic t cells can recognize mhc class i and class ii ... is that true ?
0 throughout the video when he talks about cytotoxic t cells is another name for them natural killer cells im getting confused ?
1 so basically , the helper t cells raise the alarm and the cytotoxic t cells are like the superhero cells because they actually kill the cell with the virus ?
1 what does the mhc1 of a normal cell display ?
0 so then why do people die of cancer ?
0 or on binding to mhc1 they proliferate and differentiate ?
1 and can lymfocytes thelper become activaded by mhc1too or r they just work with type 2 ?
1 would the outcomes have been different if the confederate shouted `` i will file a lawsuit against both of you '' ?
0 how can you be interested in a story when its really boring ?
0 does anyone know what skill level these questions are ?
0 can someone please explain why the answer is c for the last question ?
0 how do you manage your time reading texts that are harder for you ?
1 how much fluid can a nephron process in a minute ?
0 how do you distinguish between the vasa recta and the peritubular capillaries and are there different functions between the two of them ?
1 can the spleen be diseased ?
0 is the stationary phase always polar and the mobile phase always unpolar since she says that the lower rf the more polar , and the higher rf the less polar , or is it possible to do it the other way around ?
0 do you mean the starting line ?
1 how did you know what part of the brain controls what ?
1 how dose the broca area and wrenick area get damaged ?
1 how is phenol oxidation leading to benzoquinone ?
1 is the sympathetic gangio part of the cns ?
0 would that lead to heart disease ?
0 what are the differences , if any ?
1 is it possible to see the magnified virtual image ?
1 why not the light rays could pass through the center of curvature being the center of the mirror ?
1 what is the difference between `` no image '' and `` image at infinity '' ?
1 but here the mirror is not transparent , so , how can the reflection pass through the the focal point ?
1 this question is bases on the last example : i do n't understand why do you draw the second ray imagining that it comes from the focus ?
1 what happens if rays do n't go through the focus or are parallel to the principal axis or anything ?
1 if the sphincter muscles does n't allow food to move back then how do we vomit ?
1 i know we are talking about just one cell , but are the voltage differentials all simultaneous for the millions and millions of heart cells ?
1 why is the intrinsic rate of the av node slower than the sa node ?
0 and does this mean that calcium voltage gated channels found in different cells have different threshold potential ?
0 where does the calcium from the sr come into play ?
0 why not having an exocrine introduction as well ?
1 also , why does the body need all these extra glands if the hypothalamus synthesizes all the hormones ?
1 and what is itsfunction in the t cell ?
0 if know ones sure why blocking dopamine receptors help how exactly did someone come up with the idea ?
0 a 1994 review , http : //www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8031346 ?
1 why ca n't the electrons be traveling in the other direction creating a magnetic field in line with the external magnetic field ?
1 what are the advantages of ft nmr ?
1 what is the difference between sds page under reducing and nonreducing conditions ?
0 sir ca n't we do it in this way ?
0 i do n't get the whole using letters instead of numbers `` if the angles a , b , and c '' 00:04 ( example ) why not use just numbers ?
0 hey sal , at 10:15 we could also use the projection formula to find the answer , right ?
1 do you only add constants in arithmetic sequences ?
0 what are the prerequisites before you start learning problems for iit-jee ?
1 at 4:11 ..i wan na ask if the depression of a genetic cause like fewer receptors for serotonin why the symptoms of depression appear suddenly however , this patient has this number of receptors throughout life ?
0 what do i need to do in preparation besides these practice tests ?
1 how will i be fully prepared for the sat if i do n't know some of the math that will be on the test ?
1 should i take the writing section of the sat and , if so , why is it better to do the optional writing part ?
1 can i take two sat tests ?
1 what the effect of parasympathetic discharge in the heart ?
1 is ketogenesis the process that is happening during diabetic ketoacidosis ?
0 would 500 mg be too much ?
1 what is the function of the shine-delgarno region and why is it only in prokaryotic cells ?
0 would someone mind explain that part a little bit ?
0 means should n't we ( while finding distance of the emitted wave ) take tw ?
1 is there any other possible expression for the frequency with respect to the speed of sound ?
0 or did i confuse source period time with wave period ?
0 how can you tell if their is internal structural defects on a cxr ?
1 why are x-rays harmful and how much damage does one chest x-ray produce ?
0 will she need a ice ?
1 is athsma cronical or is it just as you are a kid , and is athsma only where it is separate from a sickness or can it be a symptom ?
1 what do these inhalers contain ?
1 is asthma something you are born with or something that you develop ?
0 and is it possible to develop it overtime ?
0 if he did , was it non-toxic or toxic paint ?
1 do your lungs breathe 100,0000 times a day ?
0 but what about exercise causes asthma ?
1 does asthma have any link to cystic fibrosis ?
1 are the signs prominent , or would the child 's family doctor have to do testing/a physical ?
1 what are some ways you can get asthma ?
1 how can you help a friend or classmate if they have asthma ?
1 how does chlorine affect asthma ?
1 can people die of asthma ?
1 what happens if two sperm bind at the same time ?
0 in the last part should n't we divide ( 1/27 ) by 6 , since the probability of the required arrangement is 1/6 ?
1 why is sal taking the three numbers that are obtained upon rolling the die to be different ?
1 so in continuation of what others were saying , i understand that the hypothalamus synthesizes the chemicals such as adh and oxytocin , but does it do that for the anterior pituitary gland ?
1 what is a natural way that a person with hypothyroidism can replace thyroxine in the body , without to taking levothyroxine or an artificial form of the thyroid hormone ?
1 also , are the symptoms universal , or do they vary from patient to patient ?
0 worst moments of your life ?
0 could be a combination of more mature brain function at later onset compared to early onset and maybe , you have a more established in life so your support network and career are more stable ?
1 if we have a constant magnetic field , it should n't matter after a while right ?
1 i got all well , what you said but i am still confused about , that if the frequency absorbed is directly related to the strength of applied external field then why inspite of providing higher magnetic field in case of shielded proton , resonance occurs at lower frequency ?
0 does anybody know what this is ?
1 are escaped beats the same as ectopic beats ?
0 what causes them , and what effect do they have on the heart ?
0 but are there 10 or 8 beats ?
1 what does it mean for the green sample to have two fragments of different sizes ?
1 is gel electrophoresis and simple electrophoresis same ?
0 so , please guide me how could i prepare in a single year ... .. ?
1 2:59. since we are using trig , ca n't we assume that either a or c is 90 ?
1 at 12:25 , why does sal divide the fraction sinb/b by b but multiply the rest of the expression by b. should n't it be multiplied to leave you with sinb instead of sinb/b^2 ?
1 if we apply projection rule i.e acosc+ccosa=b then we can get it easily , right ?
1 is it possible that certain personality types are prone to depression ?
0 is there a video about schizophrenia or border line personality disorder ?
0 i wanted to say yes , but i just need to clear one thing : do you mean not send your essay score , or not send your whole sat score ?
1 the writing part , is there any way to take an sat and still take the writing part ?
0 first , how can i apply ?
1 i know it is suggested that one should not sit down and just memorize numerous vocabulary words for the new sat , but what should i do about this issue of mine ?
0 is there any way to save that question in order to come back to it and review it ?
1 non-shockable rhythms do n't have electrical activity so it does n't generate a pulse but does n't cause more harm ?
1 what 's the fear of parasites called ?
0 where can i get those math questions ?
1 so when we exercise ( specifically on an empty stomach ) , is it accurate to say we burn through our glycogen stores and resort to ketogenesis ?
1 how do red blood cells use ketone bodies if they do not have mitochondria ?
1 is there a positive correlation between someone with tourette 's and autism ?
0 also is showing the subtitles better or not ?
0 but what if friendly bacteria that produce vitamins are lysed by some bacteriophage ?
1 but , is n't the velocity of the wave for moving particle the sum vw and vs , because the speed of the wave would also include the speed of the object emitting the light ?
1 and if the time is different how is the calculation going to differ ?
1 in the above video the wave is not reflected at any place , why ?
1 how would this formula be connected with the speed of sound ?
1 more specifically , how can we be sure that these new words were not picked up passively from sources that the parents/observers/researchers were n't aware of ?
0 life is always a game and if more people played life as a game then i hypothesize less people would be depressed ... community thoughts for and against ?
0 is it always true or is the equation involving q only valid when the work done by the gas is 0 ?
0 i know they open up the airway , but what exactly are the drugs called ?
1 why would the air bubbles sound high pitched ?
1 could allergies to things like grass pollen cause asthma to happen ?
1 moreover , why is it that different people have different ways of triggering an asthma flare up ?
1 can people die of asthma if they do n't have access to rescue inhalers ?
1 if you died from asthma , what would you be like ?
1 from what age can you get asthma ?
0 at 02:24 it say that can constrict an airway is that true ?
1 how many precribed medicanes can a person have in a given time ?
1 how does one stop asthma ?
1 are there different ways people can have asthma attacks other than running/exercising ?
1 why would the walls of the airway close up when you have asthma ?
0 what are the methods to prevent it ?
1 does chemical smells affect asthama ?
0 however , did you notice there are 2 ways to figure that out , the transcript tab is the easiest , but there is also closed caption on these video ?
1 is pollen n dust particles n pets a factor as well ?
1 how do they get asthma ?
1 how does inhalers and medicines help in asthma ?
1 how do u know if you have asthma ?
1 asthma results in what change in the respiratory system ?
1 is asthma considered a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) ?
1 is asthma , then , an allergy that manifests in the bronchi/bronchioles ?
1 are allergies treated by the organ involved or by addressing the mechanism underlying an allergic response ?
1 can asthma start when you are born ?
1 if someone has asthma , will they have it forever ?
0 would this be an accurate rendition of what wheezing sounds like on auscultation ?
1 i have a friend who has asthma and she always carries an inhaler , but why dose using an inhaler make the airways open up ?
1 r cigs mostly a factor ?
1 and ovary has a lot to carry..around 2 lac follicles after puberty , stroma tunica albuginea,4-5 tertiary follicles mature at a time which must occupy a good volume ... so how does the ovary cope up with all this ?
0 is this the only way of doing this problem or is there an easier way ?
1 why are you choosing 2 objects/number sides from 6 objects/number sides ?
1 is the matrix made out of cells ?
1 why the membrane of the membranous organelles is same the structure of cell membrane ?
0 does ka follow or consider cbse syllabus while making these videos ?
1 does the basement membrane consists of blood capillaries ?
0 perhaps on future videos , can you guys show it without a calculator like it would be on the mcat ?
0 or mass of a proton/neutron/electron ?
1 so if i put 2 left-eye lenses from the 3d glasses in the same frames , would i see the movie in 2d without it being fuzzy ?
1 i ca n't understand the polarization please explain it to me ?
1 would this light have less energy than before , and why ?
0 so basically , i can become invisible and also be able to toggle it if i can somehow manage to restrict/change the direction polarization of light being reflected off of me ?
0 will i still be able to get an image of bulb just like usually i do ?
1 if electric fields ( of `` point '' charges ) are spherical like gravity fields , and em waves are periodic perturbations of those fields propagated at the speed of light , how does it happen that em waves occur not as radiating wave fronts in space , but along and perpendicular to linear axes ?
1 why is that our sky appears white sometimes when we view it in certain directions on hot days ?
1 where did the energy go ?
1 how is a circular polarization filter made ?
0 okay now that i have my next sat test after approximately 40 days ... what should i do throughout that time if i want to increase my score by a minimum of 200 points ?
0 how might a question on the mcat ask us to recall this information ?
1 also , i think your apparent weight can change if you 're on top of the loop vs bottom of the loop , but i 'm not sure why , can someone also further explain on this ?
1 doesnt the spring have kineic energy also when it is moving horizontally ?
0 i got that delta x should be close to 4.43 meters is that right ?
0 x= ( 2g ) ^1/2 x=4.43m right is my ans correct ?
1 why does it have the be half kinetic energy and half potential energy ?
0 it 's supposed to be 5x^2 is n't it ?
1 and why could n't we find out the velocity from the centripetal equation , use it to find out the kinetic energy , and then substitute it into the spring 's potential energy equation to get ~2m ?
1 what kind of exercise should you do for people with oa and ra ?
1 how can humans consider themselves separate/distinct/constant=existential ?
0 is it because its easy to talk about and has an easy genetic compound , or something else ?
0 4. is fricton really pushing it against him ?
1 so the scenarios 3 , 4 and 5 have net force ?
0 why do you find it easy to understand that you can exert pressure on the table but hard to understand how the table exerts pressure on you ?
0 you do n't think that you exert pressure by making the particles in your hand get closer together , do you ?
1 the rock is huge so should n't it push air particles on the way and experience air resistance when the guy is pushing it ?
1 on the third diagram , why is friction only exerting 2newtons ?
0 is it the force kind of put together ?
0 does this mean friction force has limit ... if so why , does'nt it violate newton 's third law ?
0 you can make a book slide across a table , right ?
1 in the fifth case , wont the orange guy who is opposing the force experience friction in the opposite direction to him and since 1n is less than the frictional force ( here , 2n ) , how come the pink guy experiences 3n of force ?
1 in sal 's example about the force of 3 n to the right resisted by a force of 2 n friction , what happens when the force ceases ?
1 a balanced force can still be moving , but just not accelerating , correct ?
1 does n't friction act in the last scenario ?
0 .. if so , then the force to the left ( opposing the boy´s force ) will actually be a normal force ( in left ) rather than friction ( in left ) ... right ?
1 how do you find the distance a block will slide when you are only given the incline of the plane ( 10 degrees ) and the constant velocity ( 6 m/s ) ?
1 so for the inclined surface i can not use normal force as fg-mg -fgy ?
1 why does n't the smaller person experience any friction against him ?
1 at 6:12. how can there be friction if the rock is n't moving ?
1 c. how does the force of friction on thee wagon compare with the force of the child 's pull ?
1 i 'm taking the exam without the essay so does that mean that my score will be out of 1600 ?
0 or do they end at one point ?
0 in other words , should i expect a score similar to my practice tests ?
0 is this allowed or are these set times with no exceptions ?
1 what is a good sat score ?
1 what is the purpose of the college board , or what is their mission or goal ?
1 what is different about this years sat ?
0 is there any way to reset the practice tests ?
0 can you just ditch the second score ?
0 is there a way to restart the quizzes ?
1 i think i could get a good enough sat score.i am pretty smart ; - ) i have to take the sat anyway as i am a american citizen , but do i need to take the psat too ?
0 will it help me get a scholarship ?
1 why is the apparent frequency greater than the actual frequency in case the source is moving towards the stationary object ?
1 when the source emits a wave , wo n't the velocity of the source be added to the velocity of the wave ?
1 at 3:52 , what happens to the observer when the source is moving away ?
1 will observer hear any sound ?
0 what website does sal use for this ?
1 can you explain me why did you put the ( atrial ) systole in the curve left ( ventricular ) curve , please ?
1 at 1:55 , how is resonance decreasing reactivity ?
1 if induction wins , as stated in this video , would n't that mean that the alkoxy group is actually electron withdrawing , rather than electron donating ?
0 or did you mean the point on the `` line '' that is equidistant = > ( 1,3 ) ?
1 but here , it seems like hardy weinberg is being used to calculate the actual genotype frequency ?
1 when sal initially find q^2 , why does n't he simply plug .09 into the hardy-weinberg equation ?
1 hey i understand the algebra and the equation but i 'm confused as 0.49 + 0.42 + 0.3 = 1.21 ?
0 why and how can this happen ?
1 why is n't it .o9 squared for q2 ?
1 is n't it necessary that a dendritic cell binds with a th ( helper ) cell first , so the `` kiss '' between b and t cells can occur ?
1 or once the b cell escapes , is it only a matter of misfortune before it 's activated ?
0 sal , at 9:07 , how can you assume that she went over the speed limit on the highway , if the speed limit was never given ?
1 will rotation follow this order functional group 1 br to functional group 4 , 4 to 3 , 3 to 2 , 2 to 1 ?
0 if so then how is that the equation of the plane ?
1 is n't ax + by + c = 0 the scalar equation for r^2 ?
1 and the pa and aorta get combined at the same time ( norwood ) ?
1 at around 6:18. should the bromoethane be more downfield than the 2-bromopropane ?
0 are you sure he said that on this video at that time ?
1 at 3:44 , are n't the two red protons not equivalent ?
1 sorry this may have been explained in the video , but what is the plaque made out of ?
1 why do cardiomyocytes start to burst and leak ?
0 or are they the same thing ?
1 how about troponin in skeletal muscle ?
1 why when people of color challenge authority they more likely to be shot or maced vs when yuppies challenge authority ?
0 has any one read millenials rising ?
1 identical twins raised apart but grow to be best friends , we see a strong commute here but they grow up not seeing eachother through the eyes that they should of , what would happen if they grow up never learning they were twins ?
1 where does hcl acid come from ?
1 urgently i wan na know what is happening when basic drug released in stomach such as codeine.. ?
1 do you have any suggestions as to what i can do to help my stomach to empty faster ?
0 has my stomach a challenge then ?
1 you said that cytotoxic t cells can make a cancer cell destroy itself ... well then how does cancer manages to beat our immune system ?
1 thankyou so much for the wonderful explanation the question i have is : if even b cells have mhc 1 , why do n't they attract the cytotoxic t cells ?
1 would you get the same result if the foreign cells had a different antigen that the ctl is n't specific for and a different mhc i complex from yourself ?
0 hey sal describe the mode of action of t-cells ?
1 how is the dna shuffled ?
0 being so , is that why many leukemias are hard to fight ?
0 what parts of the immune system are used against aspergillus and other fungi ?
1 would it be possible for a cytotoxic t cell to get a mutation which makes it attack the body 's cells and multiply ?
1 what is the difference between a pathogen and an antigen ?
1 at 7:35 , how many memory cells are produced from each b or t cell ?
0 how do they know where to go if they do n't have a control center ?
0 how to find answer to the question sensibly ?
1 are renal arteries carrying oxygenated blood ?
0 is that a form of brain impairment ?
0 is it only due to the more negative resting potential ?
1 5:14 i do n't get what 's different between positive and negative punishment , is n't it same if we take money from drivers by giving ticket ?
0 such as comfort , food , shelter , etc ?
1 00:49 sal says the centre of curvature is twice the focus can anyone please prove it ?
0 ... ..where will the image be formed then ?
0 do they do so as if in a tangent plane to the surface ?
0 if so , how can you see it if it 's behind the mirror ?
1 why , when the arrow was drawn at the focal point , there could n't have been a ray drawn like it was drawn at 11:21 ( the second ray ) ?
1 is n't the `` vertex '' of the parabolic mirror called the geometric pole ?
1 also , when a hiatal hernia ( 2:48 ) forms , does it affect whether this `` sphincter '' is open or closed , and this is why gastric acid can reflux up into the esophagus and cause heartburn ?
1 does n't the esophagus have `` muscles '' that will contract and relax to move the bolus down to the stomach ?
1 at 5:45 why would n't the ca2+ channels open when the potential in the cell reaches the threshold potential for ca2+ channels ?
0 are those in both types of cells , pacemaker cells , myocytes ... a combination ?
1 if a person did n't have calcium , what would the heart do ?
1 i hope im correct in assuming that at stage 1 , 2 , and 3 , the potassium is actually entering the cell as apposed to leaving it ?
1 if the negative potential-ed potassium is moving out of the cell why does it not gain membrane potential ?
1 voltage gated means when the sa sends an electrical impulse , the na channels will open ?
1 when do the k gets into the cells ?
1 i know this might be a difficult question to contemplate on , but is there a real reason why incest should be illegal ?
0 is it because of the position of the heart or something else ?
0 some of them are : have you had this infection before ?
1 exactly what is hep b and how does it spread ?
0 should i warn my other classmates ?
1 does a person with tb need to be placed in isolation ?
1 what are the signs when a person suffers from tb ?
1 at 0:51 , they said the disease was caused by mycobacterium tuberculosis but why is it called tuberculosis ?
1 at 1:10 , are there different treatments for the different species of mycobacterium that cause tuberculosis or are they treatable by the same antibiotic ?
1 well , my question is how do catch mycobacterium tuberculosis in the wild , or can you only get infected by another person coughing on you ?
1 at 5:06 can macro phages swallow white bloods cells and other good things to ?
0 are they working to find a cure for tb ?
1 is there a vaccination for the prevention of tb ?
1 then later in my life could i develop active tb ?
1 can someone taking medication ( antibiotic ) able to transmit tb ?
1 how can v be a rate if there is no time on the denominator ?
1 could emphysema be caused from birth defects ?
1 would one want it on record that they lied ?
1 are the intermediate filaments attached to the cell membrane ?
0 if so then why is n't it in plant cell ?
1 but what i do n't understand is how h2o2 is being reduced if both h2o2 and h20 have an oxidation state of zero ?
1 which species must you include to balance the equation for this reaction ?
0 how about the concentration of nitrogen in our blood ?
0 does anyone know what that is ?
1 wahat do you mean by vi ?
1 what is the formula to find instantaneous velocity without using calculus ?
1 can you use all of the kinematic formulas at any time ?
0 why is is done with sharpies instead of how it normally is done ?
1 so , what 's the formula for instantaneous time/velocity ?
0 not the calculus one but the simpler one ?
0 does n't being in motion mean change in position ?
0 what about the pineal gland ?
0 but what is the other differences ?
0 if so , where do they come from ?
1 how does logk appear after you multiply by the ln10 what is the rule ?
1 can someone be diagnosed with alzheimer 's , or do you have to guess , like schizophrenia ?
1 why do the electrons have to circle in the direction that will make a magnetic field oposite the applied magnetic field ?
1 2:25 why e- circulates anti-clockwise ?
1 so how do you prevent radon from getting trapped in houses and getting exposed to it ?
1 what 's the difference between native page , sds-page under reducing conditions & under non-reducing conditions ?
0 can anyone help with this ?
1 how is it that sin2c=2sinccosc ?
1 if so , what do you call a sequence where every term is multiplied by a constant ?
1 sir why we tell tan as tan only why not any other symbol ?
1 at 3:07 would it not be more accurate if you call it `` biochemical factors '' instead of `` biological factors '' ?
1 what is an ecological variable ?
0 is there any improvement in the time limit of each section ?
1 is atrial asystole also a type of cardiac arrest ?
0 and what makes them the top ten ?
1 would conservatives ' negative reaction to obama 's immigration reform be considered a form of the hypothesis of relative deprivation because we 're all immigrants ?
1 would n't the relationship between insulin and glucagon be a negative feedback loop ?
1 do people who have n't had a heart attack , take the medications listed in the video to help prevent a mi ?
0 can doctor 's not start treatment until they have gone through all three things ?
0 is full screen better or is the normal screen better ?
1 also , this is the first time i 've heard anyone divide the pns into cranial nerves vs spinal nerves instead of autonomic and somatic how do i relate the two break outs ?
0 was this an error or is high fiber the better option ?
1 if two ambulances travel a the same speed together , one in front of the other , would the front ambulance and the cars in front who are driving at a slower speed hear the same noise before the ambulance passes them ?
0 in the second video in the playlist sal said that vw is not velocity it is speed but here in the example sal said that vw is velocity and its direction is radially outwards . why ?
0 at first sal has written it as velocity of the wave and when he is drawing the distance traveled by the first crest he told that it is speed .why ?
0 can someone help me solve for u ?
1 everything expand on heating but why polythene shrinks on heating ?
1 what is it like to have asthma ?
1 if you 're already born with asthma , can the severity of it worsen ?
1 could asthma spread to other people ?
1 is it known what specific food can trigger asthma ?
1 because at 5:10 - 5:15 the speaker talks about how so people can be allergic to specific food which trigger their asthma , is it just an attack , or is it that it would be the first sign to knowing you have asthma ?
1 are asthma attacks able to just go away without any medicine taken ?
0 i mean in math of course there is videos for math because well i think you understand but asthma ?
1 can you `` catch '' asthma , or are you just born with it , and is there any medicine that can fully prevent it ?
1 can asthma cause severe infections to the body ?
0 coming from a person with asthma , can asthma be hereditary ?
1 at 3:21 the speaker mentions that the smooth muscle makes the lumen smaller , does the smooth muscle obstruct the lumen on both sides of the `` branches '' ( does it block oxygen coming in and coming out ) ?
0 does that mean i 'm outgrowing it or is it just getting less severe ?
0 also i have eczema and allergies , glad to know i 'm not the only one who has these 3. are there any more possible related diseases ?
1 what is the population of the earth right now ?
1 how many people have died from asthma ?
0 do they have any connections ?
0 can i please have a paragraph explaining asthma ?
1 what causes asthma and where does it come from ?
1 i have asthma and i heard from my parents that it was really bad when i was young its better now and i do n't remember ever having an asthma attack is it dormant ?
1 asthma triggers may be different among people ?
0 does asthma have is come from your a baby ?
0 what does she say at 9:33 ?
1 if people are pregnant that have asthma does the baby come out with asthma too ?
1 is asthma the only cause of the airway being smaller from the smooth muscles contracting ?
1 real curious about how would people without asthma/ not experiencing an asthma attack react to taking a `` puff '' of an inhaler ?
1 is it possible you can lose asthma ?
0 she said asthma is obstructive but could n't it be restrictive too ?
1 due to airwayconstriction , which decreases the size of the lumen and makes it more difficult to get the air in ?
1 how many people get asthma every year ?
0 anyway to ... stop it ?
1 is ashtama more dangerous or is cancer more dangerous ?
0 who is the person speaking ?
1 is asthma the reason i keep getting wheezing after i run in a game ?
1 what are the functions of esterase , hyaluronidase and acrosin in arosome reaction ?
0 is it a special case or a theorem ?
1 at around 5:36 , you finish writing the line r1 = 1,4 r2 = 5,2 r3 = 3,6. are n't there infinite possible variations for r1 , r2 , and r3 ?
0 for bone tissue - how is hydroxyapatite `` basically collagen fibre '' ?
1 is n't the magnetic field , the vertical component in an electromagnetic wave and the electric field is perpendicular to it ?
1 we use glasses with different polarization for different purposes..but i did n't get why even use them ( except the 3d movie example ) ?
1 how is a movie made 3-d ?
1 are the two overlapping images of a 3d movie different drawn ?
1 in photoelectric effect what happens when only the work function is provided ?
1 how can a sound wave in solid medium can be polarized from the source of the sound wave ?
1 in un-polarised light , do the electric and magnetic waves which are in the same plane undergo constructive superposition ?
1 0:28 i thought that when people draw the waves with two waves intersecting each other , that was the quantum superposition of light rays , if thats not quantum superposition then how does it work , does it exists somewhere else or works in another kinda dimention ?
0 does it is blocked there itself ?
0 i have never ran out of time before , should i still continue doing this or use the techniques you showed us in the video ?
0 also i 'm taking the sat test on august 26 , and i was wondering what 's the best way to study until the final day ?
1 is the classification of amino acids into acidic , basic and neural based on natural ph in the body ( 7.4 ) ?
0 would it also be a peptide bond in pyrrolysine between the additional amine group ( i.e ; not attached to alpha carbon ) of one lysine and the caroxylic group of other lysine ?
0 is it taking potential energy as 10x^2 instead of 5x^2 , or is it something else ?
1 what does the value of spring constant `` k '' depend upon ?
1 if the ice block was travelling at , say 1 m/s , as opposed to 3.13 m/s ( minimum required velocity ) , would it just go backwards on the loop de loop ?
1 why is in 6:08 the ac=g=9.8 ?
0 how could be the problem different on another planet ?
0 why was the audio so messed up for this specific video ?
1 is a semantic network still a strong concept in current psychology ?
0 i understand why it has to end at 0 pressure when all the blood is gone , but why is that a linear relationship ?
1 would there not be friction no matter what direction you push the rock on the ground ?
1 if the force of friction is 5n and the pushing force is 3n to the right would the rock move to the left because 5n ( friction ) > 3n ( force from person ) ?
1 how do you calculate net force ?
1 at 1:48 , where does the force applied by the person in the second diagram go ?
1 how does newton 's third law work with unbalanced forces ?
0 why dont these forces get balanced according to newtons third law ?
1 for the fourth scenario , the one with two guys pushing , should n't the force the red guy on the right is applying on the rock have an opposing force of friction too ?
1 at 2:14 , what if the friction was greater than the force ?
0 also , why does n't friction act on it when it is not being acted on by a force ?
1 at 2:54 , why is the opposing force still 2n ?
1 how would calculate the amount of friction if you were given the mass of the object ?
1 why is it that when the `` character '' applies 2 n of force on the rock in the horizontal direction , the force of friction cancels it out by an equal and opposite force but when the `` character '' applies 3 n the force of friction still applies 2 n ?
0 then what is the force that balances it ?
1 does this mean that though the rock is n't moving anywhere , there is acceleration ?
0 can someone tell me if my reasoning is wrong or not and why ?
0 yet according to you ( the second drawing ) when the net force is zero the object isnt moving ... ?
1 in the 5th diagram , may i ask what is the resultant force acting on the first man ( who gives 4n force ) ?
1 in the case of the first picture should'nt it be like , no matter how much force you use to lift the object the object would move even if the force is microscopic ?
1 if there 's a force on the rock , and the rock is n't moving , how can there not be friction ?
0 doesnit this confuse/conflate the concepts of weight , mass and force ?
0 as i attempted for the old pattern of the sat , i wan na attempt for the new revised pattern of sat , is that gon na be tough for me to do it ?
0 do you have to take other classes to score well on this with khan academy ?
0 can teachers track student progress ?
1 what does sat stand for ?
0 i dont understand this , can someone help me ?
0 at least an easier way to remember how to do it ?
1 what is the use of coefficient ?
0 how come we have finger tips but not toe tips , yet we can tiptoe but not finger tip ?
0 can you please make a video that 's a bit harder than this ?
0 if you cant help me figure out the problem , can you at least point me in the right direction ?
0 what is that there for ?
1 is that correct that the cross product of the span of n ( a ) is always part of c ( at ) ?
1 if you have 5/8 and 1 6/8 , why do you have to cut the starting block into 16 ?
0 hi , i would like to know what is being accomplished with this exercise ?
0 what if they are completely different ?
0 1/2 * 14 = 14/2 = 7 that 's one half multiplied by 14. it 's 7. i do n't know what you want to do with that 3 ?
0 https : //www.math.toronto.edu/mathnet/questioncorner/arithgeom.html http : //uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/index ?
1 so how would i write an equation for the example at 2:21 ?
1 how do you identify whether it is a geometric or arithmetic sequence ?
1 so what exactly is the difference between sequences and series ?
0 are you trying to ask what geometric means ?
0 can i know sumthing abt harmonic progressions ... ?
1 in what ways are geometric progression and arithmetic progression different ?
1 what do the squigly parentheses mean ?
0 if you want it to be made clear , please state what is bothering you ?
1 in the equation a sub k = a sub ( k-1 ) - ( -3 ) what happens when k = 0 or k = 1 ?
1 what if you 've got ; 4x ( x+6 ) -3x ( x-4 ) do you multiply the 4x with the 6 to get 24x ?
0 : ) : d ; d ; dhttp : //http : //www.truthrevolt.org/sites/default/files/styles/content_full_width/public/field/image/articles/screen_shot_2015-08-13_at_3.47.18_pm.jpg ?
1 what is the answer for question number two ( 2 ) ?
0 however , there exists any situations that both of them are r2 or one of them is r2 ?
1 do i understand correctly that the ( 0 ) t vector = 0 vector ?
0 is it possible for these questions to have more then answer ?
0 when he explains things , why does he explain it for so long ?
1 how can i test for convergency of a geometric series ?
1 for example 3 numbers have a geometric mean of 3 and 3 different numbers have a geometric mean of 12 what will be the geometric mean of all six numbers ?
0 do they have similarities too ?
1 so is a sequence basically just a function where the input is limited to positive integers ?
1 why is a sequence discrete and a function is continuous ?
1 are their any infinite number sequences where each number is irrational ?
1 i wish i knew : what 's the simplest possible ( or at least one very simple ) example of recursion ?
1 how do you write an explicit general term for a recursive sequence ?
0 would n't it be much , much easier if we would go from k=0 to k = whatever ?
1 we can see here that many of the simpler recursive sequences can be converted , but more generally , which kinds of recursive functions are convertible , and which , if any , are not ?
1 do n't sequences have a connection to computer programming ?
0 can anyone explain to me how do you do the terms please ?
1 are there different definitions for different type of sequences ?
1 so for the first finite sequence a_k sal writes at 3:13 , he really means to write a_k = 1 + 3 ( a_k-1 ) right ?
0 this would be the explicit format while a ( k ) = 1 + 3 ( k-1 ) would be recursive ?
1 what is the difference between sequence and series in maths ?
1 does a finite sequence have to have a pattern ?
0 can anyone help me with this question ?
1 what is the practical value of math sequencing ?
0 how do i know if i get it correctly ?
0 if one is bigger than another how is it the same ?
1 does the answer of negative numbers with scalar multiplication have to be + , or - ?
1 why is it called scalar ?
0 what if it has 2 scalr ?
0 was it just math metition in general or a certain person ?
1 why would you need matrices in life ?
1 would it still be a scalar even if it is part of the matrix ?
1 so a scalar is a number that `` scales '' a vector or in this case matrix ?
0 if so , would the method be similar to distributive property ?
0 are you supposed to add up the numbers or anything ?
0 ah , can you ask a specific question ?
1 the amount of order is n't a function of shipping cost but shipping cost is a function of amount of order , right ?
1 why cant we take the line equation as `` ax+by=1 '' instead of `` y=mx+b '' and find the values of a and b using least square method ?
0 if ax = b and b is not in c ( a ) and a^t*a is a singular matrix , how can we find the least square solution of ax = b ?
0 do statisticians use this a lot ?
0 no solution ) when we multiply both side by a_transpose ?
0 which side measures are given ?
0 is there a video where he explains asa , sas and all those terms ?
0 also any video or practice recommendations since my regents or coming up in 10 days ?
1 is there a reason ( in a 2 column proof ) for being able to draw a transversal in a parallelogram that would spilt the parallelogram into two triangles ?
0 this is for my homework it tells me what shape is quadrilateral with no congruent sides or parallel sides ?
0 is this video ok fro me ?
0 could someone plez help me understand dis ?
1 if sal meant opposite sides of a parallelogram then its already implied that the opposite sides are parallel , or is he referring to two pairs of opposite sides that are only congruent to their opposite side ?
0 where do you go to change your avatar ?
0 are there any videos on finding the zeros of polynomial functions using synthetic division or finding the upper and lower bounds of zeros ?
1 so if you are dividing by x+3 , do you multiply the coefficients by -3 and still add two numbers or subtract ?
1 how would you find the gcd for 115,248/100,842 ?
1 is it true that all the odd numbers have an odd number of factors , and all the even numbers have an even number of factors ?
0 is there a faster way of doing this ?
1 ( 210,90 ) has 2 , 5 but this time we need to multiply them together to get 10. is there a rule so we know when to multiply common factors to find the gcf ?
0 why does sal say it like that ?
1 why is one a factor in all numbers ?
0 is there a faster way to accomplish this goal when faced with bigger numbers ?
0 great , so i understood that , but how do i get a divisible number of 14 and 9 ?
1 are there gcd for negative numbers an fraction , if so how do you find it ?
1 what can gcd be used for ?
0 how do you get the answer of the greatest common divisor ?
0 hi , i do n't really get the greatest common factor thing i watched this video over and over again it still do n't work.what 's a more specific way on how to do it ?
1 if your bill is $ 17.50 per week , how much would you have to save per day to pay the bill ?
1 at 4:31 , reality prime is what ?
0 is there a different way you can do this ?
0 at 4:51 , it would be less disappointing , would n't it ?
0 and how do they mean the same thing ?
1 how do you solve the greatest common factor if it is a very large number , like ( 1,000,000 , 189,478,353 ) ?
0 ... like it does n't have to be a certain two numbers does it ?
1 what is a 'integer ' number as said in the video at 1:40 ?
1 how would you find the greatest common factor between a real number and a prime number ?
1 does the euclidean algorithm work for finding the gcd of more than 2 numbers ?
0 is it because it 's a larger number or is it because 4 is naturally a more common number than two ?
0 what can you do with it ?
0 and these are the answers to choose from : 77 , 10 , 15 , 22 , 21 ... .why do n't you make a video explaining that ?
0 hav any of u achieved a black hole badge ?
1 how many number 's have the greatest common factor ( gcf ) of 1 ?
0 what are all these bloks for ?
0 why do n't i have the exercises for this ?
0 why do we need to learn this ?
1 if carbon-14 's mass gets halved every 5730 years , then would n't carbon-14 never disappear ?
1 what is the constant value for mercury 194 ?
0 but the `` step '' for the common ratio should be 1. here t goes from 0 to 5730. should n't the common ration be ( 1/2 ) ^ ( 1/5730 ) ?
1 at 1:29 why did n't you multiply 741 by 1.5 instead of 0.5 ?
0 so which would be better ?
0 even though its a different answer , is it right ?
0 c=20*m+8*s is this true or not ?
1 can pi be expressed as a fraction ( of an integer divided by an integer ) ?
0 now what do they mean the basic and trial plan ?
1 does a session mean per year ?
1 would you add up all the costs to find the total for the basic plan , or would you just multiply 8s and at the end add 20 ?
0 are you asking who makes the videos ?
1 so the 25430 can be more than 2543 although they 're almost the same numbers ?
1 how do you know that the 2 in 25,430 is 20,000 ?
0 what could be a motivation or history that could make place value exciting for elementary students ?
0 what do you want to do with it ?
1 what happens if the numbers go more than ones place ?
1 is there an easy way to do this in your head without a number line ?
1 can you turn a negative number into positive number ?
0 why does it mark me as 0 % watch video since i watch it all ?
0 can anyone explain how to solve my problem step by step ?
1 do negetive numbers have to always be subtracted , or can you deal with them in another way ?
0 but isnt this a negative wouldnt the answer be negative ?
1 what is 3,000,000,000,000 divided by 9 ?
0 why do you multiply 3 by 2 too get 6 ?
0 i am a little confused about this what does it mean ?
1 what is 1/6 as a fraction ?
1 is n't 2 to the 0 power equals 0 ?
0 why is n't it 0 because the value of 0 is nothing ?
1 so , why does `` x to the zeroth power equal 1 '' makes sense ?
0 why did n't sal do 2*0 instead of 2*1 ?
1 it is commonly taught that any number to the zero power is 1 , and zero to any power is 0. but if that is the case , what is zero to the zero power ?
0 i think it is 0 because its 0x0 if not then what is it ?
1 does anyone know what is 0^0 ?
1 what is zero to the zero power ?
1 at 2:10 , instead of changing 4x - 2y = 5 to slope-intercept form in order to graph it , how ( if you even can ) would you graph the equation while keeping it in standard form ?
0 how come , the quadratic graph is n't a parabola or has a parabolic shape ?
0 30.24 is written as 3042 is it by mistake ?
0 what are you having trouble with ?
1 how do you divide a decimal by a whole number for example 4.3 divided by 10 ?
0 then , you move the decimal point of the dividend equal to the number of spaces you did to the divisor , right ?
0 wow so sal got it wrong ?
1 how do you divide the 30.24 by 0.42 ?
1 when sal accidentally switched the numbers at 0:46 from 30.24 to 30.42 , would n't that affect the outcome ?
0 how is the answer 72 if he took the decimals away .are n't we supposed to add back the decimal for a sum of .72 ?
0 what is that process called ?
0 can we use the same method when dividing a decimal number from a integer ?
1 what would be a way of overlapping and justifying a solution to the equation ?
0 can there be a remake of this video ?
0 i have to retake a test tomorrow and i get confused with the decimal where it goes and how you move it could you help ?
0 it says wrote he said it ?
0 what grade are you in folks ?
0 why ca n't you divide straight away ?
0 just letting you know that i think there 's a mistake in the dividing decimals with hundredths video ?
0 no corrections to the video are going to be made ?
0 can someone help me solve this word problem ?
0 is the answer 7.7 without x100 ?
0 why did he wrote 30.42 instead of 30.24 ?
1 when you divide decimals , can you make the dividend an integer as well as the divisor ?
0 also , why does the video say to make the divisor a whole number and not include the dividend ?
0 but usually when it 's 5x , we think it is 5 multiplied with x , so why is it different here ?
0 am i supposed to combine like terms ?
0 how much did each pencil cost ?
0 could this be the law of sameness ?
1 at 4:00 , should n't the f ( t ) in blue be f ( s ) instead ?
0 where is this playlist on the modeling and interpretation of differential equations ?
1 does it really matter that you use ( as +b ) and ( cs +d ) as the new numerators in the process of partial fraction decompositon when the numerator on the other side is merely an integer ?
1 can we use laplace transforms for des which are n't initial value problems ?
0 here is a plot of that function for those who 're interested to see what it looks like : ) http : //www.wolframalpha.com/input/ ?
1 should n't the placebo values be excluded from the test , because we are testing whether the herbs do something ( assuming the null hypothesis ) ?
1 when our hypothesis is herbs do nothing then why include placebo entries ?
1 does the number of successes have to be greater than 5 ?
1 how can you evaluate the square root of a negative number ?
1 is n't the sqrt of .25 .5 ?
0 would n't you multiply .09 by itself rather than 0.9 ?
1 .9 is greater than .81 , so how does the product of .9*.9=.81 ?
0 is this a trick question ?
1 how would you find the square root of a number such as 1.3944895 ?
1 is it just coincidence that the sum of the coefficients of ( a+b ) ^n = 2^n ?
1 i encountered this one reacently and became uncertain : ( 3x^3y^2z ) ^4 how would that be solved and could you use pascals triangle for this ?
1 when you are trying to solve a problem with pascal 's triangle , you would have to memorize it or write it out again , correct ?
1 why does the binomial formula with combinatorics work ?
1 can we just directly add the powers like 1+3 in the 3rd level to get 4 in the fourth level in the pascal 's triangle ?
0 then how could this be solved simpler than the video did ?
1 how old is umaima now ?
1 how old will mary be when she is twice as old as her brother ?
0 ca n't this be solved via system of equations too ?
0 does anyone know how i can make this back to normal ?
0 at 1:45 if y = years when he says y years is n't he saying years years ?
0 why are the videos so boring ?
0 how do you get the something ?
0 you wo n't be able to use the same method of picking square numbers , but you can start thinking like this : i know it 's between 11 and 12 , so maybe it 's 11.5. what is 11.5 squared ?
1 i understand why the denominator ca n't be 0 , but why can the numerator be 0 ?
0 why does it have a curvy `` e '' in front of the x in the domain ?
1 what is an absolute value ?
1 does a symbol not exist to represent this in set builder notation ?
1 at 9:47 , the note says f ( x ) is defined over integers , why not real numbers ?
1 so one divided by zero should equal zero , right ?
0 why do the formulas for the functions keep changing ?
0 how can we solve for the range of functions though ?
1 at 5:50 , sal says that x needs to be smaller or equal to 3. is n't it the other way round ?
0 at 9:49 he writes x is an element of real numbers , does n't he mean integers ( z ) , because decimals ca n't be even or odd , can they ?
0 but this is algebra 2. why are there algebra materials in algebra 2 ?
1 how can i find the domain from an equation and a graph ?
0 am i interpreting this correctly ?
1 √x + √ ( 1-x ) what is the domain of this function ?
1 so the domain of a function is basically the way the function works ?
1 at 0:44 on this video can you really put any number ?
1 how to find the domain and range of functions of complex numbers ?
0 what is it in definition ?
1 so basically , the domain of a function is the possible x values in a function ?
0 is n't that not a proper function ?
1 would n't there still be a -1 from the ( x-2 ) ?
0 what is so great about the number 10 ?
0 or are they the same meaning ?
1 hi friends : - ) i have a question for you- 1 > at 6:27 `` sal '' proved us that alternate interior angles are equal , right ?
0 how do i solve it ?
0 what dose the word parallel come from ?
1 can there be more then 1 parallel line ?
1 at 1:27 can triple arrows be used to show parallel lines ?
0 would a teacher accept this ?
1 what is a `` opposite interior angle '' ?
0 should n't that be a given since they are always equal ?
0 how can you prove this ?
1 why vertical angles have the same degree ?
1 if you have multiple parallel lines and multiple transversal lines can you still have alternate exterior lines and alternate interior line ?
0 does the word `` transversal '' come from greek or latin ?
1 is there a way to prove the `` vertical angles are congruent '' theorem ?
0 do u have a video that show how to do proportionals ?
0 and if so , what are they ?
1 at 5:00 , if we were given the measure of the yellow angle in the second diagram , could we find out what the measure of the green angle was ?
1 do parallel lines always have to match up to make corresponding angles equal ?
1 how do i know which angles are complementary ?
1 if i 'm only given the measurement of one of the angles , then asked to find the measurement of another angle that is not corresponding , how would i find it ?
1 can you post some proofs with parallel lines and transversals ?
0 can someone help me out and explain the meaning of this word ?
1 what if you have a line segment that has two endpoints , but the length of the line segment is infinitely long ?
1 are infinite lines related to space , since they go on forever ?
1 what would be the equivalent of a line on a 3-d or 4-d plane ?
1 how come lines have no thickness ?
0 why did they come up with signs to represent rays , line segments , and lines ?
1 what is the point at the end of the line segment called ?
0 i mean you can go either way , although you logically have to start somewhere right ?
1 what is the difference between a line and line segment ?
1 how long can a line segment be ?
1 let 's say there is a point a , b and c , could a ray go through it all and be considered all three types ?
0 would n't you say quarters , not fourths ?
0 what if the starting block is a mixed fraction like 1 1/3 ... and i have to cut it to get 3/4 and 5/6 ?
1 to test some people : 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + 1/5 ... 1/9 + 1/10 ?
1 what is the difference between finite and infinite sequence , as they both have similar functions ?
1 are explicit and recursive formulas denotations or definitions ?
1 for the first example , the rule could also be 3k-2 right ?
0 around 7:09. as a recursive function , sal said that a sub 2 is : a ( 2-1 ) +3 which is 1+3 which the answer is 4. but why does n't it work for a sub 3 ?
0 is there any truth in this ?
1 what is a recursive means ?
1 could someone explain what explicit is ?
0 does he mean rather recursively , because there is a ( k-1 ) term in the definition ?
1 t=180 could n't sal have just written a subscripted k =3k-2 instead of a subscripted k 1+3 ( k-1 ) ?
1 is the equation of ak=1+a ( k-1 ) is the same thing to say tn=a ( n-1 ) d ?
1 if i double the area and take the half of the fraction , do i get the same result ?
0 at 2:00 it was middle column and top row ?
0 would this work the same way ?
0 at 0:40 can sal do another video on scalar multiplication but this time with multiplying by a negative scalar ?
0 what is an example of a test question where you would use matrices ?
1 so , i now understand that you can multiply a real number ( or scalar , which was defined at 0:30 ) by a matrix , but can you multiply a matrix by another matrix ?
1 how do matrices work in a 3d package ?
0 this means that the shipping cost is the function for the amount of dollar right ?
0 greetings , would n't this be considered a piecewise function ?
1 then there may not be a unique solution for a^t a x = b. how do we find x* then ?
1 i want to ask that why is square a parallelogram ?
0 does it have to go in a certain way ?
0 is there a video on how to do synthetic division if the number being divided by starts with x squared ?
0 what if it was like 3x-1 on the bottom ?
1 think about what does 2x^5/x equal ?
0 what if the divisor is 4-x ?
1 why did you use the zero ?
1 what does sign of remainder - and + signify , it was - ( negative ) on previous and + now , how ?
0 after the 6x^3 shouldnt it be done ?
1 what i 'm asking is , why did the exponent change ?
1 is it possible the gcf does not always show up when using factorisation ?
0 in this video , does sal have a cold ?
0 is this video older than the greatest common factor exercise ?
1 can the gcf be a odd number ?
1 what would gcd ( 30,100 ) be ?
0 what do they mean on the module ( http : //www.khanacademy.org/exercise/divisibility ) ?
0 is there a easier way ?
1 what is the greatest common factor of 108 136 and 156 ?
0 why would we need them ?
1 how do you know if an expression says `` 15x ... '' that it 's not multiplying instead of it just being the representation ?
1 the greatest common factor of 18 and 27 is 9 , so we will have our equation look like this to start : 9 ( ?
0 so basicly its simplifying , right ?
1 but why does left null space belong to the codomain ?
1 if a/b is an improper fraction when divided by 6/25 or 8/15 when would the quotient be a whole number ?
1 what would be the use of this knowledge in day to day life ?
1 how to calculate the coefficient of x^98 , x^99 , x^49 in the expasion of ( x-1 ) ( x-2 ) ( x-3 ) ( x-4 ) ... ... ... ( x-100 ) ?
0 is it possible for it to be a different number ?
1 is it possible to have a non-infinite sequence ?
0 which part do n't you understand ?
1 i still ca n't grasp how sal got the formula at 2:50. can someone please explain ?
0 will it be in real numbers or complex numbers ?
0 how do i create an equation like this ?
1 why does sal call the sequence a sub 1 ?
1 how do you find the nth term for a sequence 1,4,9,16 ?
0 so two days ago there were no sequences , or recursive functions in algebra 1 ( i would assume that was the case for all the time this page was up ) , and now there is a whole section ?
1 how do you find a good sequence ?
0 what if there is no discernible pattern in the sequence ?
0 or a keyword of some kind so i can google it ?
1 which denotation of { a } is explicit and which is recursive ?
0 it looks like explicit ones are easier , but will that change in higher level maths ?
0 how do we write a formula like that ?
1 would n't the equations need to be simplified ?
1 how does a sub number get the number on top ?
1 i do n't understand what is happening after 2:54. why 1+3 ( k-1 ) ?
1 can we have a random sequence that the next element in the sequence is not predictable ?
0 is it hard for you ?
0 some of his descriptions were really difficult to understand , any one recommend somewhere else ?
0 so in the sequences videos , will khan show us how to solve these problems without having to memorize formulas ?
0 why does the video title include `` precalculus , '' yet this is listed under algebra ?
1 i understand the concept , however what is the definition of `` sub k '' ?
1 at 1:30 sal says `` a from 1 to 4 '' and writes a superscript `` 4 '' , but this is the number of terms -- and not the number at which the sequence ends -- correct ?
1 at 4:28 sal writes { a sub k } k = 1 , is it correct for him to write that k = 1 because if you look at the sequence then you can see that ( a sub 1 ) is 3 ?
1 so , is the form { aᵢ } ᵢ₌₁⁴ = { 1 , 4 , 7 , 10 } an explicit one or a recursive one ?
1 if a sequence is not geometric , is it arithmetic ?
0 how do get all those shapes ?
1 who thought of the idea of scalar multiplication ?
0 how do i start a new column without pressing enter ?
0 why not just call them numbers ?
1 how would you find the square root of a matrix ?
1 what is a real life situation where you will use matrix multiplication ?
0 whole number by the scalar ?
0 would n't it be just like adding or subtracting , except you multiply instead ?
1 so this is sort of like distributing the 3 in 3 ( 7+5-10+3+8+0 ) ?
0 would it just be undefined ?
1 how can you tell for sure which cost is the dependent and the independent ?
0 it would work as a function ?
0 this is linear regression , right ?
1 what are the other triangles lengths ?
1 when do you know when to have one transversal or two transversals ?
1 what is the definition of congruent angles ?
0 is there a reason it was mentioned offhand in a video before it was explained via a proof ?
1 why is it that a parallelogram is always congruent but then how can you tell the difference between a parallelogram and a rhombus ?
0 what if we are dividing the equation by 5x-1 ?
1 from 0:47 to 0:48 , sal says that the coefficient to the x^4 term is 0 , would n't it be actually 1 ?
1 is there a way to factorise a polynomial with a degree greater than 2 ?
0 or would you have to simplify ?
0 what do you do then ?
1 where does the zero come from ?
1 what do i do if there is no x + 3 being divided and i have to find a number to use ?
1 hello ella , well you see , there is no x^4 term , so we use a 0. why ?
0 is there a video on synthetic division if you 're dividing by something other than x + - a constant ?
1 in x+3 you need to substitute x to a number that would result to zero , what if the x has a number in it for example : 5x+3 , how do you find out the divisor if this is the case ?
0 what if its divided by like x^2+2 ?
1 why was the second number a 0 ?
0 is this question in the wrong section ?
0 what should i watch for help with the 'divisibility ' exercises ?
1 what is the difference between gcd and gcf ?
0 the gcf of 65 and 117 ?
0 at 7:35 , you 're screens a little pixel-like.how come ?
0 so you just find each factors and find the greatest number that they both have ?
0 why do i feel like what sal did did n't help me very much , and that it looked confusing ?
1 is there a factor that is divisible by all numbers ?
1 is the gcf the same thing as the gcd ?
1 what is the greatest common factor of 18 and 27 ?
1 why are factors and multiples 'kind of ' the same thing ?
0 is there another video that i could watch to explain the process to the problems ?
0 does any one know if one term is more widely used than the other ?
1 is there a calculator that will determine the gcf in algebra problems ?
0 does it work with fractions ?
1 how can we see a negative number having gcf ?
1 greatest common factor and highest common factor are the same thing right ?
0 can you make it better ?
0 how do you do this ?
0 does the number 12 for the factors do they have to be even or not even ?
0 does this have any effect on the answer or is it alright to keep the 1 ?
0 is this video that old ?
1 how do we indicate when we need to multiply the factors ?
0 didnt mention about euclidian algorithm ?
1 what is the difference between a divisor and a factor ?
0 ca n't you divide to get your answer a different way to do it ?
0 are n't they practically the same ?
0 can someone run me through the steps on how to do one of the exercise questions for divisibilty ?
1 another example is 16. we know 4 x 4 is 16 so the factors of 16 are 1 , 4 , and 16. can anyone confirm this ?
1 why is 4 the gfc of 12 and 8 instead of 2 being gfc of those numbers ?
1 is there any other way other than random substitution ?
1 does anyone know of a real-world scenario in which discerning the gcf of 2 or more numbers would be useful ?
0 what is up with the little flags by every comment/question ?
1 would n't it be easier ( less likely to miss a divisor ) to do prime factorization and then multiply all the primes common to both numbers ?
0 i know this should go in the comments but is inportent to me , i realy need ten votes if i find that you answerd my question and voted me up i will vote you up to if you wont , do you ?
1 the letter n represents a number , between 50 and 60. the gcf of n and 16 is 8 , find the n ?
0 what if we had numbers that have a lot of factors ?
0 so to get the decimal , how many digits/numbers are behind the decimal ?
0 any suggestions on why that is ?
1 does the size of the compasses used to find the bisector matter ?
0 how do you get it to the center of the three verdices ?
1 am i right in saying the formulas should also include times by $ ?
0 can someone explain how this works in the real world ?
1 why do you have to pay $ 20 for every session ?
1 is the monthly fee same as membership fee ?
1 what else could you tell the viewers about understanding place value ?
1 what is the value of the 2 in the number 42,341 ?
0 how do you learn the times 8 in a day ?
0 fraction are very confusing to me i did n't really understand the video can some on tell me how they work ?
1 lets say 3 numbers give me 3 3 's 2 2 's and 1 5. how am i supposed to know when i maxed out on my 3 or 2s ?
1 what unit would the resulting amount be in then ?
0 do you need to simplify the answer ?
0 i was wondering if anyone else completed this problem differently from sal 's solution process ?
1 do you add the fractions together or is there something that must be done ?
1 1 is 8/8 , right ?
1 how are we supposed to use a number line when we do n't have much time is there a shorter method ?
0 what other video would help me understand ?
1 do the same rules of adding and subtracting negative numbers apply with fractions ?
0 dose anyone need help let me know okay ?
0 what if you have to do it in a division way ?
1 how do you count how many fractions of the 2 pies do you have if the pieces are not of equal size ?
1 what is a integer anyway ?
1 do you think that the answer is 1 17/24 ?
0 is it lowest common multiple or lowest common denominator ?
0 is there another way to solve this problem ?
0 yes , what about it ?
0 can someone please explain why that is ?
0 which technique should we use ?
1 what 's 0 to the zeroth power ?
1 so is any base with an exponent of 0 is 1 ?
1 also , do they always equal either -1 or +1 , or do the circumstances of parentheses/brackets/absolute value bars in quadratic equations change that ?
1 however , here 's my question ... what is 0^0 ?
1 why do we have a zeroth power ?
1 how do i solve : 8x-7y=21 2x=3y+4 using addition/elimination ?
1 how is vietnam not exponential growth ?
1 how could we have proved that japan will have received more cars after the 7th month ?
0 uh so does anyone know what the answer is ?
0 was he meant to write 30.42 instead of 30.24 ?
1 why did n't sal put the zeroes during the division problem ?
1 why exactly when working with decimals like this , does multiplying the factors give the same answe r as not doing so ?
0 can you multiply it with a thousand or something ?
0 how could you possibly not know that answer ?
0 it 's just the number 1. and what happens when you multiply something by 1 ?
1 why did you put a 1 on top of the 42 and add it ?
0 what are you talking about ?
1 is there a simpler way of dividing decimals ?
0 i mean without having to use paper ?
1 did sal mean 30.24 instead of 30.42 ?
1 are there other methods for decimal division ?
0 how do you get a black hole badge ?
0 do you put it back in or leave it out ?
0 is it different than the standard straight x you see in algebra all the time ?
0 why did you use a variable ?
0 are you asking about how sal said that the variable a can represent anything ?
0 can the 3a represent 3 apples , but the 2a be 2 pears will that do ?
1 what do you do when you have to divide ?
1 would you be able to use a quadratic equation for this sort of problem ?
1 how are you supposed to know your seasons if you do n't know how to add ?
1 how are the decimals in 0.009 and 0.09 related ?
1 are decimals remainders for dividing by 10 ?
1 is the forcing function not allowing the solution to go past certain boundaries ?
1 why we ca n't use a/s^2+1 + b/s^2+4 in this question ?
1 hello sal , when you assume the null hypothesis in the above example ( herbs has no effects ) , would n't it make sense to use only the placebo group to calculate the percentages ?
0 what if the decimal does n't go in as easily as .9 to .81 ?
0 at 0:41 , how is it kinda helpful to us ?
1 i know an another way to solve p^2=0.81 p^2=0.81 p^2=81*10^ ( -2 ) p^2=9*10^ ( -1 ) or p^2=-9*10^ ( -1 ) p=0.9 or p=-0.9 is it right ?
1 for example , the square root of 0.8. also , what would the work look like for a whole number and decimal ?
1 how would i solve ( a+b ) ( a+b ) ( a+b ) instead of ( a+b ) ^2 ( a+b ) ?
1 where did you get x to the power of 6 and y to the power of 6 ?
0 can i solve it by ratio ?
1 how long will it take for ee to be 4 times uu 's age ?
1 how long ago in years did ship sink ?
1 a man is 4times as old as his son and five years ago the product of their ages is 234 find their present ages ?
0 so , is there an algorithm for this ?
1 how come 1/o is written as un-defined or infinite ?
1 i mean , if you divide something by zero that 's undefined ( when 0 is in the denominator ) , but what happens when you divide 0 by something ( when it 's in the numerator ) ?
1 at 1.37 it seems to me that the domain would include some imaginary numbers too , since i squared gives an answer of -1 and 3i squared gives an answer of -9. am i wrong ?
0 -10 < x < = 10 , for simplicity reasons ) , and asked for interval notation , how would you do so correctly ?
0 which x values you ask ?
0 for f ( 0 ) = 1/0 , how does he know that x is a real # ?
0 is there some other site or some other source to learn functions ?
0 where did the three come from ?
1 sal said at around 3:55 you ca n't take the square root of a negative number , but is it possible to take the cube root of a negative number when finding the domain of a function ?
0 how do you find the domain of graphs ?
1 how do find the domain of a square root ?
0 is n't it all real number not equal to 5 ( only ) ?
1 how do you figure out the domain and range of functions ?
0 if so , why is n't it 0 ?
1 in the last example sal showed starting at 8:14 , which clause would zero fit into ?
1 in a way , ca n't you think of domains in terms of restrictions ?
1 when sal mentions that 1/0 is undefined , would n't that mean that ... 1/0= infinity , and infinity*0 =1 ?
1 would n't x have to be an integer , such that it is not equal to 0 or 1 ?
1 so if to write `` all real numbers '' you write the r thing with the two vertical lines , how would you write `` all integers '' ?
0 is this happening for everybody ?
1 how do i know if x= all real numbers ?
1 can somebody tell me what does that mean or what it stands for ?
0 who came up with the following system ?
1 is the word `` parallel '' made up of two greek or latin words ?
0 like who named the and how did he/she use it in real life ?
1 how do you find the angel measure to these type or angles ?
0 2. is this a phenomenon ?
1 what 's the difference between transversal lines and transversal angles ?
1 do `` > `` and `` > > `` mean the same thing ?
1 where did the word plane come from ?
1 but how can two lines not be on the same plane , is n't that like saying that you ca n't connect two points ?
1 what is a paralel line ?
1 how do we determine if two lines are on the same plane ?
1 if at 6:27 in the video - b = c = f = g then will angle b ... be equal to angles g and f ?
0 and in what way will this help me pass geometry ?
0 i thought it was intersecting not transversal ?
0 why there is no audio please ?
1 at 3:26 how does sal know the angles are similar ?
0 is there a list of all the geometric theorems and postulates somewhere on khan academy ?
0 which two lines , exactly ?
1 so the lines that the transversal crosses do n't have to be parallel ?
0 what if there are multiple crossing lines ?
1 does a line have to be intersecting parallel lines to be transversal , or can it only be intersecting one line ?
1 did sal mean 43x + 26x in the end ?
0 after distributing , are parenthesis optional ?
1 you can not add or subtract unlike terms but can you multiple or divide them ?
0 where r is the ratio and a is the first time ?
1 why is the second sequence k=1 instead of k=3 ?
0 is it a mathematical expression ?
1 i do n't think i 'm understanding the part where it says a^k=1+3 ( k-1 ) where did the 1 come from ?
0 i understand that the three comes from how many you 're adding each time but why multiply it ?
1 could writing ( k-1 ) in the explicit function definitions be avoided if we just start counting when k=0 rather than k=1 ?
0 could it ever be k-15 or something ?
1 how is a sequence a function limited to positive integers ?
1 what would this sequence be called : { -1 , -4 , -7 , -10 , ... } where it would be negative ?
0 when can i use a sigma ?
1 right now , i 'm looking at 3:18. how do you come up with a function from a sequence ?
0 does n't that equation only allows ( k-1 ) along with the other number be added with the starting number ?
1 when the sequence is not addition , but something more complex involving exponents and addition , how do you find the pattern ?
0 where can i find exercises ?
0 or was this just used as an example ?
1 i know your'e given k=1 as a starting value but do you just ignore the function and write whatever the given starting value is ?
0 are you referring to a particular part of the video ?
0 and the a ( k0 is f ( n ) , f ( x ) or in a recursive f ( 1 ) ?
0 more of a comment then a question here , but do any of you find that you have to constantly review the lessons on sequences ?
0 how do you find these from and arithmetic graph and table ?
1 similarly , is it that the infinite sequence has an infinite number of terms , rather than `` going to infinity '' ?
0 what program does sal use to write equations in this video ?
1 what if the sequence is decreasing ?
0 at 1:43 , when he says that the { ak } equation means that k=1 from the first to the last term , does that mean if he had 5 numbers that the `` 4 '' at the top of the equation would be a `` 5 '' instead ?
0 at about 3:00 , when he defines the function for k , can that be simplified ?
1 how would you divide fractions ?
0 did you try reloading the page or experimenting with other videos ?
1 can you raise a matrix by an exponent ?
1 say i have this matrix : [ pi 3 ] ... if i were to multiply this by a scalar or 3 , would i write [ 3pi 9 ] ?
0 if that is so , is it the same for variables and other irrational numbers ?
1 between pots 2 & 3 , the amount of rupees stays the same ( 6 ) , however this can still be represented as a function ?
1 why is the shipping cost the input ?
0 in the video `` regression line example '' you use the least squares method with equations for m , and b. could n't you use that strategy for this example too ?
1 why does sal use the congruent symbol ( `` ≅ '' ) at 1:10 ?
0 how can you tell if it is a rhombus or a parallelogram ?
0 why does he use triangle proofs for quadrilaterals ?
1 by which axiom is abd and bdc equal ?
0 are there any examples of proofs that are based off of an actual problem ?
0 so does that means that science and math never ends ?
0 why its only proof🤔 where exercise ?
1 so does this mean that every time you use synthetic division , there will be a remainder ?
0 what if the coefficient of the number that you are dividing into the other numbers was a number that you could simply divide into without having to bring the first number inside the division structure down ?
0 if not , how do you do this ?
1 how would i synthetically divide if my divisor variable had an exponential of more than 1 or a co-efficient ?
1 is synthetic division only used for polynomials ?
0 all the other terms stay the same , so why did the first one change ?
0 even if it is difficult ?
1 what is the gcf used for anyway ?
1 how would you get the greatest common divisor of a much larger numbers ?
0 or all the primes that are common to both numbers , and i multiply them all once ?
1 how do you rewrite the expression 48+6m using greatest common factor ?
1 is there a difference between `` common divisor ' and common factor '' ?
1 all numbers divisible by 14 and 12 are also divisible by what ?
1 why isnt the gcf of 12 and 5 72 ?
0 in real life , what are that 2 common factor and multiples to apply in cases to help solve the real life problems ?
0 if not , what are the other ways ?
0 why is the quality so bad ?
0 what about making a factor tree ?
0 your graphics are very low , why is that ?
0 can you guys make a new video ?
1 need a clarification please : when doing the gcf of 6 & 12 , common factors were 1 , 2 , & 6 , and the largest common factor was 6. in an earlier problem , finding the gcf of 105 & 30 , the common factors were 3 & 5. sal said the answer was 15. why did he multiply those two numbers for a gcf of 15 in that answer and then in the other example of 6 & 12 , he just picked 6 ?
0 can i use them interchangeably ?
0 can anyone tell me how to become a coach ?
1 what would the gcd of 26 and 30 be ?
0 what if thar is two gcd ?
0 how old is this video ?
0 do n't you think that sal should try to write neater people because he messes up a lot and then he apologizes ?
1 is regrouping used on multiplication and division ?
0 do you remember that ten 'ones ' can be regrouped into one 'ten ' ?
0 how will we use it in life ?
0 instead of all of this just do it like this : 1- membership plan : 20 $ + 8 ( 30 ) = 20+240 = 260 $ per month 2- trail plan : 12 $ * 30 day = 360 $ per month however if you visited the super yoga class 5 times per month it does n't matter if you 're a member or if you 're not because each time with membership they cut 4 $ but in the end of month they want 20 $ ( 5*8 per session + 20 in the end of month so it does equal 60 ) , while trail ship 12*5 = 60. the question is why did you make this video ?
0 in the end wouldnt the trial session cost more ?
0 are there going to be any more vids after solving systems by elimination , or is this a finished series ?
1 at 6 ; 29 , when sal writes the equation for the basic plan , could n't the equation also be c=8s=20 ?
1 for the `` c '' for the basic plan for 0 , should n't it be $ 28 not $ 20 ?
1 would the trial plan ever be a worse deal then the basic plan or is sal saying the trial plan is a better deal ?
1 if you were to go every other day on a 30 day month you would have t pay the amount for 6 months ( $ 120 ) why is this and if this applies to real yoga/exercise studios , why do you pay more ?
0 why is this so complicated ?
1 if hundred is divided by 3 what will be the exact answer without remainder ?
0 why does he always say ''this literally equals that '' ?
0 i love how you kissed me ?
0 why did khan academy give this to me this is easy way toooooooo easy ?
1 what do i do if i want to divide fractions with same signs and different signs ?
1 how do you get 25/8 out of 3 1/8 ?
0 what on earth dose what mean ?
1 how do you add and subtract fractions with different signs without using a numberline ?
0 can you show more examples of how to do it ?
0 what if the left is a negative ?
1 at 1:22 how 'd you get the 25 over 8 ?
0 how about subtracting fractions with the same signs but differs on their denominators ?
0 in general , x^0 where x≠0 = 1 proof : we understand x^y/x^z = x^y-z what about when y = z ... let x = 2 , y = 3 , and z = 3 we get : 2^3/2^3 = ?
0 is anything in the zeroth power 1 ?
1 i would think 0^0 = zero , is this correct ?
0 before i solve the sysytem should i put it in y=mx+b form or solve it how it is ?
1 what happens if you get one equation like 'x + 3y - 4 = 0 ' ?
1 why the answer is not the number of the total number of cars japan or vietnam received ?
0 is this some mysterious language ?
1 how do you use remainders in decimals ?
0 sal , why are you asking us to solve it ourselves if the video is showing us how ?
0 what would be done to make make process of calculation understandable please show this in demonstration ?
0 what way would all of us doe decimal division quotients and much of it ?
0 what are you confused on ?
0 is 30.42 supposed to be a mistake or is it 30.24 that he meant ?
1 if you take 666,777,888,999 x 999,888,777,666 , how many zeros would there be in the answer ?
1 the method i was taught : 3024/42=72 294 how often does 42 go into 302 ?
1 how do you divide when you have say 0.677 divided by 0.98 how do you move the decimal when you multiply the numbers each by 100 but one number is not whole ?
0 is dividing by ten moving up the decimal one time ?
0 why do n't we do that when we divide decimals ?
0 dose any one have a bagel ?
0 the same goes for the other side : is x^2 being multiplied by 6y^2 , or is the power 6y^ ( 2x^2 ) ?
0 so , what exactly are like terms ?
0 but is n't this basically a common sense video ?
0 repeated addition is multiplying , right ?
0 not a math question or anything , sorry if i distract , but you know , arlo 's barber shop actually exists , was that intentional ?
