1 then second thing that confused that how are websites related to ip address ?
1 would n't a code sentence be better than a code word ?
1 can anyone suggest a good resource for preventing or countering spoofing ?
1 so why do you need to know prime numbers and dice rolls to understand cryptography ?
1 can you explain how asymptotic analysis got its name , and what it is , better ?
0 is there any colleges specifically majoring in algorithms ?
0 could some one please explain ?
1 is there an algorithm for creating an algorithm ?
0 how am i supposed to learn this ?
0 but how come it took so long for someone to figure that out ?
0 how easy is the process ?
0 what if all a are fools ?
0 can someone please help me ?
1 at 2:01 , what 's an interval , and does it have to do with numbers ?
1 so the frequency of the letters depends on the shift you do ?
0 why did they do that ?
0 how could the person who is chiphering it hide it better ?
1 at about 0:46 , does each modulus have only one number that works as a generator ?
0 and the frequency of it ?
1 why ca n't alice and bob just share a shift word that is at least the length of the whole note ?
1 when sending a message using a one-time key , is the actual message sent essentially a long list of unbreaking letters ?
1 how long does it usually take until a person knows how to write complex algorithm ?
1 regarding the issuance of certificates of authenticity , does the owner of the site request this from an issuing agency , or does the issuing agency , or agencies , monitor new sites , or changes to sites , and then verifies authenticity ?
0 also , what does this have to do with the video ?
0 is it tom cruise 's wife ?
1 even though carbon is only bonded to three other atoms , are n't there still four bonds being formed ?
0 like if you heat a gas to a high enough temperature will it turn to plasma ?
1 why ca n't we hear something from a distant source of sound ?
1 so if an atom loses or gains neutrons , it is an isotope , and if it gains or loses electrons , it is an ion ?
0 is what i heard wrong , or did sal miss something in this video ?
1 how can a photon be massless ?
0 if so then what exactly does happen when the energy of the photon is less than the work function of the metal it hits ?
1 is there any nice rule for classifying solids into amorphous and crystalline ?
1 is n't the amount of vibration same on all creatures ?
0 isotopes do not have charges , do they ?
1 so , these air molecules oscillate to infinity ?
1 at 4:18 , how will the average kinetic energy be low even if each molecule has high kinetic energy ?
0 what do you mean by joules ?
0 can any body please clear my confusion ?
0 do we always not rotate the number 1 everytime we rotate the number four group to the back ?
1 if we have a sound which has a very high amplitude but it is ultrasound , will our ears be affected ?
1 in terms of communication , could n't we use the fluctuation of colours that were produced in the college test ( to prove the correlation of atomic particles that are nowhere near each other ) to produce morse in some way ?
0 is english yer native language ?
1 so my question is after this stage of we still supply ( sufficient ) energy photons , then from where will the electrons be emitted- from the next orbit or from the next layer of atoms ?
1 will the sound flow faster in a solid , liquid or gas ?
1 why do n't our ears detect ultrasound ?
0 is it because it would melt the ice until a certain point ?
1 what effort humphry davy do in discovery of proton ?
0 when do we have to study about nuclear binding energy , fission and fusion ?
0 is it to do with these carbons being less saturated and more exposed to other molecules/atoms ?
1 are there other kinds of adverbs like what i said called adverb of frequency ?
0 are they allies , axis or neutral ?
1 what would it have been like to have lived in communist russia during the time of the cold war ?
1 what present day countries were part of the gupta dynasty ?
0 is there more people having this problem ?
1 at 1:35 , why was there a civil war in china ?
0 what if you find a proper noun that is a common noun , too ?
0 was their any battles taking place in africa or the east ?
0 why is david so much more humorous in his videos than sal khan ?
1 has n't it recently been discovered that birds language is much more complex than we had previously thought ?
1 do you have to be a citizen or green card holder ?
1 how was this `` mote '' word used ?
1 can a secondary source be as trustworthy as a primary source ?
0 anyone find the window-shape rather unusual ?
0 was india the only one ?
1 why was japan doing so much invading ?
0 who is that kid standing over everyone ?
1 however , could a 19th century history which examined , say , the importance of religion to the restoration be considered a secondary source with respect to the restoration , but a primary source with respect to 19th century views on the relationship between religion , the british monarchy and the british populace ?
0 what if some of the ideas come from different historical perspectives , giving inaccurate information ?
0 the way people so neutrally refer to animals ?
1 i may be jumping the gun here , but has the term `` impressionism '' come about by the time this painting was painted ?
1 should n't foot > feet , tooth > teeth , and goose > geese go together in some category ?
1 is it possible that italy wanted to recreate their legacy of ancient rome ?
0 i guess it does n't really matter though , right ?
1 when analyzing a primary source document and you see that it is quoting a secondary source document does the source switch from a primary to a secondary source ?
0 why is this so boring ?
0 can a person just have good math skills and knowledge in science that can be used there rather than art skills ?
1 if there is still copper left on the pennies that need to be sanded will the experiment still work ?
1 what is physically changing when the f-stop changes ?
0 at 2:04 he said he uses gesso sometimes , what 's gesso ?
1 how long did ben franklin write poor richard 's almanac ?
0 basically it moves towards the middle of your fov and gets smaller , but i do n't know how to calculate how much to move it towards the middle ?
0 would n't `` i am , therefore i think '' make more sense ?
1 the problem is that i 'm not good at drawing ... : ( does that affect how my stories are told ?
1 -what were some famous people in the industrial revolution , and what did they do ?
0 but how can that happen at 2:11 and is that true ?
1 how do you really define a story ?
0 why cant i watch the video ?
0 at 2:00 , he is referring to binary , correct ?
0 is it ( 0,0 ) or ( 5,3 ) ?
1 what type of surfaces are in the cassie-baxter state ?
1 also , do you have to calculate where to put the characters on the screen and where or how to move them ?
0 what if caveman never became friends with zero ?
1 is there a certain type of light that slows down or prevents paper/photograph degredation ?
1 why do n't you use fibonacci numbers to design the skins for the flors and the skins like on arlo ?
0 they do n't look computery ?
1 how do i describe the where my main character lives ?
1 anyone know what is on the horizons after pixar ?
0 if that is true , then can we conclude that humans are not racional ?
1 how does bread mold kill bacteria ?
1 how exactly does money created by the fed make it from the fed into the deposit accounts of commercial banks ?
1 does every current account deficit add up year after year contributing to higher debt ?
0 lol ok but how is a private person like george soros supposed to borrow 1 billion british pound from a bank to do his speculation stuff ?
1 would n't it make sense for cds buyers to setup the cds so that in case of a default , the cds seller owes them not only the principal on the bond , but also the coupon payments accrued ?
1 at 5:40 , why does the price raise ?
1 is it possible for part of the curve ( say the bottom 10 % ) to move left in a given instance , while the rest goes right ?
0 is something broken on the khan 's site ?
1 i was about to ask this question : if transactions are constantly happening , how does a miner calculate which ones to include in the block ?
1 what would happen if everyone bought electronic cars and no one needed cars that needed gasoline ?
1 are collateralised debt obligations basically mortgage backed securities sorted by their risk of default ?
0 does this have something to do with a spring like effect and banks not being able to respond quickly enough ?
1 is there a time limit for the share that you have borrowed for you to return back to the broker ?
1 3:07 instead of betting for whether a corp will fail or not , can these third parties bet for whether a corp will succeed in paying its debt or not & if corp succeed in paying debt they get money on that ?
1 2 ) what would happen if there were devaluation of the country 's currency ?
1 but could n't the swf just as easily have bought , say , 300 million shares at $ 10 per share , which would actually increase the book value of the shares while still investing the same amount of money ?
1 why benign inflation is necessary ?
0 is the demand or the quantity of demand changing or both ?
0 what 's happening at this point ?
1 does high capacity utilization increase or decrease the price of stock markets ?
0 i do n't quite understand how can they pre-determine the price ?
0 so how can we sat that the prices go up so the supply increases ?
1 for a government , is creating and maintaining a national park ( like carlsbad caverns or the grand canyon ) an investment or consumption ?
1 in what circumstances can you have a negatively slopped supply curve ?
1 so what would stop h1 from actively conspiring ( in `` legal '' ways ) to drive b2 out of business to collect the payout ?
0 anyone else with the same doubt ?
1 can someone explain the difference between compound and simple interest ?
1 other than houses , what uses a `` title '' to determine ownership ?
0 what was the hardest challenge you had making khan academy ?
0 where does the money that gets added come from ?
1 if the person is unable to pay back the loan on the 750k then will the house be taken over by the bank and 250k be given to the guy because he owns that much of the house ?
1 also my company has started to offer a roth 401 k and roth catch up should i invest in them ?
0 is there a way were i can get better grades for once ?
0 is the $ 250,000 an asset ?
0 going to college , living in a dorm ?
0 is there another website to create these sites ?
1 what age can you get a job ?
0 will they be too similar and do i need to ask a science teacher instead ?
0 what if you are trying to pick an extracurricular that is a leadership opportunity ?
0 is it just an example for eqpuations ?
1 for example , what if you had $ 1,350 with an annual interest rate of 9 % and you take the money out after 5 years , but the interest was compounded quarterly ?
1 when do usa kids search for college outside usa because of financial issue for top ranking colleges ?
1 you said student loans can not be forgiven in chapter 7 bankruptcy , but could you take out a lot of other loans in the form of banks and credit card loans , pay off your student loans , and then declare bankruptcy on your bank and credit card loans ?
0 what are the most common used subjects in these sections ?
1 a military academy is free ?
1 are there other options regarding the handling of the $ 30,000 difference ?
1 should i already be making plans for college ?
0 if i was a customer and learned that was your practice , my first thought would be , what else are you lying to me about ?
1 when we buy a product fom a website online , we have to pay interest on that transaction also right ?
1 at 1:51 , why does the 10 % turn into 11 % ?
1 also , if fica is pre-paid , do you pay that fica ( and medicare ) tax when withdrawals are made in retirement ?
0 i know someone who has eczema but not the other 2. how is it possible ?
1 can the triangle abc be a 30 60 90 triangle , since 30 +30 = 60 and 60 + 30 = 90 ?
1 is less polar polar materials attracted to non-polar ?
1 what is the meaning of magnet ?
0 what if there is bacteria in the bone marrow , but there is no receptor for that bacteria ?
1 dos breathing clean your lung ?
1 at 1:30 in the video , when sal said `` is to go from angle a to angle b- however much that is , is the same amount to go from angle b to angle c '' , is it the non-mathematical way of saying `` the difference between a and b is the same as the difference between b and c '' ?
1 i have asthma and i was wondering if i´m having an asthma attack , should i use my inhaler or do i need more than that ?
1 what does the center of curvature actually mean ?
1 ca n't we say that instantaneous velocity at a particular point = distance between the starting point and the particular point/ spent time ?
1 why are they using fg-fgy and not fg-mg-fgy ?
1 after the rock would have fallen when it hit the ground why does it stop moving assuming that because of newtons first law of motion that it has to be opposed by an unbalanced force , so how is the ground unbalanced if it only pushes upward with normal force ?
0 and also when they are at rest ?
1 how can h+ have a spin state when it has no electron ?
0 what about the pineal gland and melantonin and dmt ?
1 why is the force of gravity 5n ?
1 but how do you make a circular polarised sheet knowing we need another light source which is out of phase w.r.t to incident light wave by ninety degrees ... the plastic polarised sheet is no source for such light ?
1 i 've always confused oxi/red reactions ... when the cysteine is oxidized ( the h leaves ) so it becomes negative so it gains an e- right ?
1 what are subject test for ?
1 and what other things could cause bad lungs other than smoking , or machinery ?
0 shouldnt it be symetric , the variation of the frequency for both observers ?
1 what is the pro and con of circular vs. linear polarized sunglasses ?
1 what is the function of pituetary gland ?
1 if one applies 1 newton force on an object to move , then what will be the frictional force acting on it ?
1 is n't retained products of conception also a significant cause of post partum hemorrhage ?
0 what the value of the 3 in the tens place ?
1 emely has an even number between 10 and 85 the sum of the digits is an even number less than 10 what is her number ?
1 but now i 'm actually curious , why does this technique , for finding the number of decimal places in the answer , work ?
1 how can we interpret this kind of least squares ?
1 so when is sal going to fix the mistake in this video ?
0 is it like a whole number , or a constant ?
0 could you add or substract the problem even though you simplify the problem ?
1 why do we need to have equivalent fractions ?
0 how do you do that ?
1 im only in 4th grade so its kind of early to learn it in my school also , what on earth is 0 to the power of 0 ?
0 is it only when the table is labeled as contingency when you use the rows and columns formula ?
0 i mean , i know how to add negatives to positives and all that , but still , how do you get a proper fraction ?
1 is 8x^2 being multiplied by y , or is y part of the power ?
0 is this another way of stating what 's in the video ?
0 hey , umm , whats your name ?
1 how the heck did sal figure out the equation for the finite sequence ( 1+3 ( k-1 ) ) ?
1 in pascal 's triangle , is term the same thing as position in that they are both 1 greater than r , in the combination ncr ?
0 is there a simpler way to do this ?
1 how would you know if there is n't a remainder ?
0 any video of greater numbers ?
1 for the infinite sequence when it shows { a ( sub k ) } ^infinity sub k=1 would it not be k=3 since the first term in the sequence is 3 ?
0 i 'm still confused , is there an easier way to do this ?
1 at 1:24 , how am i suppose to know which is the second seven ?
1 if -3x-6y=-63 , how do you know if the `` 6y '' is negative ?
1 is there a shortcut to add or multiply improper fraction ?
